


Michael replied, "You know, I thought my job was just to manage the daily problems as they came up when what I should have been doing was looking ahead and paying attention to where we were going.



"And boy did I manage those problems—twenty-four hours a day. I wasn't a lot of fun to be around. I was in a rat race, and I couldn't get out."



Laura said, "So you were managing when you needed to be leading."



"Exactly," Michael said. "Then when I heard the story of Who Moved My Cheese?, I realized my job was to paint a picture of 'New Cheese' that we would all want to pursue, so we could enjoy changing and succeeding, whether it was at work or in life."



Nathan asked, "What did you do at work?"



"Wel , when I asked people in our company who they were in the Story, I saw we had every one of the four characters in our organization. I came to see that the Sniffs, Scurrys, Hems and Haws each needed to be treated differently.



"Our Sniffs could sniff out changes in the marketplace, so they helped us update our corporate vision. They were encouraged to identify how the changes could result in new products and services our customers would want.

The Sniffs loved it and told us they enjoyed working in a place that recognized change and adapted in time.



"Our Scurrys liked to get things done, so they were encouraged to take actions, based on the new corporate vision. They just needed to be monitored so they didn't scurry off in the wrong direction.



They were then rewarded for actions that brought us New Cheese. They liked working in a company that valued action and results."



"What about the Hems and Haws?" Angela asked.



"Unfortunately, the Hems were the anchors that slowed us down," Michael answered. "They were either too comfortable or too afraid to change.



Some of our Hems changed only when they saw the sensible vision we painted that showed them how changing would work to their advantage.



"Our Hems told us they wanted to work in a place that was safe, so the change needed to make sense to them and increase their sense of security.

When they realized the real danger of not changing, some of them changed and did well. The vision helped us turn many of our Hems into Haws."



"What did you do with the Hems who didn't change?" Frank wanted to know.



"We had to let them go," Michael said sadly.



"We wanted to keep all our employees, but we knew if our business didn't change quickly enough, we would all be in trouble."



Then he said, "The good news is that while our Haws were initially hesitant, they were openminded enough to learn something new, act differently and adapt in time to help us succeed.



"They came to expect change and actively look for it. Because they understood human nature, they helped us paint a realistic vision of New Cheese that made good sense to practically everyone.



"They told us they wanted to work in an organization that gave people the confidence and tools to change. And they helped us keep our sense of humor as we went after our New Cheese."



Richard commented, "You got all that from a little story?"



Michael smiled. "It wasn't the story, but what we did differently based on what we took from it."



Angela admitted, "I'm a little bit like Hem, so for me, the most powerful part of the story was when Haw laughed at his fear and went on to paint a picture in his mind where he saw himself enjoying 'New Cheese.' It made going into the Maze less fearful and more enjoyable. And he eventually got a better deal.

That's what I want to do more often."



Frank grinned. "So even Hems can sometimes see the advantage of changing."



Carlos laughed, "Like the advantage of keeping their jobs."



Angela added, "Or even getting a good raise."



Richard, who had been frowning during the discussion, said, "My manager's been telling me our company needs to change. I think what she's really telling me is that / need to, but I haven't wanted to hear it. I guess I never really knew what the 'New Cheese' was that she was trying to move us to. Or how I could gain from it."



A slight smile crossed Richard's face as he said, "I must admit I like this idea of seeing 'New Cheese' and imagining yourself enjoying it. It lightens everything up. When you see how it can make things better, you get more interested in making the change happen.



"Maybe I could use this in my personal life," he added. "My children seem to think that nothing in their lives should ever change. I guess they're acting like Hem—they're angry. They're probably afraid of what the future holds. Maybe I haven't painted a realistic picture of 'New Cheese' for them. Probably because I don't see it myself."



The group was quiet as several people thought about their own lives.



"Wel ," Jessica said, "most people here have been talking about jobs, but as I listened to the story, I also thought about my personal life. I think my current relationship is 'Old Cheese' that has some pretty serious mold on it."