we weren’t born on the same playing field. I tried my best to get stronger. But I’m guessing you already know how people describe my fighting style.”

There’s a certain phrase that’s always uttered when the two sisters are compared.

“The swordplay of an amateur.”

“That’s right. And yours is, too. How unfortunate.” Alexia flashes me a lopsided smirk.

“I don’t think it’s unfortunate. I like your swordplay.”

Alexia reacts by holding her breath for a moment and scowling.

“I’ve been told that before. By Iris—when she beat me onstage at the Bushin Festival.” Alexia curls her lips and imitates her sister: “‘I like your swordplay.’

“She doesn’t understand me at all. I felt pathetic, and she had no idea. Ever since then, I’ve always hated the way I fight.”

Alexia smiles, but I don’t know why. At the very least, I know she isn’t happy.

There’s something I need to tell her. If I don’t say it now, I’ll be stabbing myself in the back.

“You know, I’m as apathetic as they come. If there was a catastrophe that wiped out a million people on the other side of the world, it wouldn’t affect me. If you went nuts and became a serial killer, I wouldn’t be bothered,” I say.

“If I lost my mind, you’d be the first person I’d kill.”

“But there are certain things I care about. They might be insignificant to others, but to me, they’re more precious than anything. I live this life protecting these few things. Which is why I really mean what I’m about to tell you.”

One simple phrase.

“I like your swordplay.”

After a brief silence, Alexia replies, “So what?”

“Nothing. I guess the main takeaway is that it peeves me when other people tell me what I can and can’t like. That’s all.”

“I see.” Alexia pivots on her heels. “I’m heading home alone today.”

And then she walks away.





“It’s been a while since the three of us have eaten together,” comments Po the Traitor.

“That’s ’cause he was dining with the princess every day,” adds Skel.

“Shit happens,” I say.

It’s the first time in a long while that the three of us sit together in the cafeteria. Alexia isn’t here, which is rare.

“Come on, Cid, cheer up.”

“Yeah! Real men don’t hold grudges, you know.”

“We even bought you the lunch for broke aristocrats today, costing nine hundred and eighty zeni.”

“Our treat! Let bygones be bygones, and let’s be friends again.”

“All right already.” I let out a heavy sigh.

“Yeah, that’s our man!”

“Thanks for forgiving us, Cid.”

“Whatever.”

“So how far did you get?” Skel asks, holding back his excitement.

“With what?”

“Well, did you do the deed with the princess? You’ve been dating a whole two weeks, so you must’ve done something.”

I know we’re about to have a dumb conversation, based solely on the fact that he said “Do the deed.”

“We didn’t do anything. That would never happen.”

“Huh. You’re a friggin’ wuss. I would’ve gone all the way for sure.”

“Right? I would’ve smooched her—at the very least.”

“I told you. Our relationship isn’t like that.” I deflect and nod through their conversation indifferently as I chow down.

“Can I have a moment?”

Enter Mr. Zenon, the blond-haired hunk.

“Yes, of course!”

“By all means!”

With that, my two pals melt into the background again.

“Can I help you?” I ask, slightly on guard. I’m wary that he might pull something while Alexia’s not around.

“Indeed. You might have heard already, but Alexia hasn’t returned to her dormitory since yesterday.”

This is the first I’ve heard of it. I’m guessing she’s gone off on a journey to find herself or whatever. The timing seems about right for her age.

“I was searching for her this morning when I found this.” Mr. Zenon holds out a loafer in one hand.

It’s Alexia’s.

“There’s evidence of a struggle nearby. The Knight Order is investigating this case as a potential kidnapping.”

“No way…!” I shout in torment as I vigorously fist pump in my mind.

Ha! Serves you right, princess!!

“We narrowed the culprit down to the person who last came into contact with her.” Mr. Zenon looks me square in the eye. “The Knight Order would like to have a word with you.”

I notice the entire Order is in full gear, standing menacingly at the entrance of the cafeteria.

“I’m assuming you’ll cooperate, right?”

That’s when it hits me.

This ain’t good.
