
He saw himself in great realistic detail, sitting in the middle of a pile of all his favorite cheeses—from Cheddar to Brie!



He saw himself eating the many cheeses he liked, and he enjoyed what he saw. Then he imagined how much he would enjoy all their great tastes.



The more clearly he saw the image of himself enjoying New Cheese, the more real and believable it became. He could sense that he was going to find it.



He wrote:





Haw kept thinking about what he could gain instead of what he was losing.



He wondered why he had always thought that a change would lead to something worse. Now he realized that change could lead to something better.



"Why didn't I see this before?" he asked himself.



Then he raced through the Maze with greater strength and agility. Before long he spotted a Cheese Station and became excited as he noticed little pieces of New Cheese near the entrance.



They were types of Cheese he had never seen before, but they looked great.

He tried them and found that they were delicious. He ate most of the New Cheese bits that were available and put a few in his pocket to have later and perhaps share with Hem. He began to regain his strength.



He entered the Cheese Station with great excitement. But, to his dismay, he found it was empty. Someone had already been there and had left only the few bits of New Cheese.



He realized that if he had moved sooner, he would very likely have found a good deal of New Cheese here.



Haw decided to go back and see if Hem was ready to join him.



As he retraced his steps, he stopped and wrote on the wall: After a while Haw made his way back to Cheese Station C and found Hem.

He offered Hem bits of New Cheese, but was turned down.



Hem appreciated his friend's gesture but said, "I don't think I would like New Cheese. It's not what I'm used to. I want my own Cheese back and I'm not going to change until I get what I want."





Haw just shook his head in disappointment and reluctantly went back out on his own. As he returned to the farthest point he had reached in the Maze, he missed his friend, but realized he liked what he was discovering. Even before he found what he hoped would be a great supply of New Cheese, if ever, he knew that what made him happy wasn't just having Cheese.



He was happy when he wasn't being run by his fear. He liked what he was doing now. Knowing this. Haw didn't feel as weak as he did when he stayed in Cheese Station C with no Cheese. Just realizing he was not letting his fear stop him, and knowing that he had taken a new direction, nourished him and gave him strength.



Now he felt that it was just a question of time before he found what he needed. In fact, he sensed he had already found what he was looking for.



He smiled as he realized:



Haw realized again, as he had once before, that what you are afraid of is never as bad as what you imagine. The fear you let build up in your mind is worse than the situation that actually exists.



He'd been so afraid of never finding New Cheese that he didn't even want to start looking.



But since starting his journey, he had found enough Cheese in the corridors to keep him going. Now he looked forward to finding more. Just looking ahead was becoming exciting.



His old thinking had been clouded by his worries and fears. He used to think about not having enough Cheese, or not having it last as long as he wanted.

He used to think more about what could go wrong than what could go right.



But that had changed in the days since he had left Cheese Station C.



He used to believe that Cheese should never be moved and that change





wasn't right.



Now he realized it was natural for change to continually occur, whether you expect it or not.



Change could surprise you only if you didn't expect it and weren't looking for it.



When he realized he had changed his beliefs, he paused to write on the wall: Haw hadn't found any Cheese yet, but as he ran through the Maze, he thought about what he had already learned.



Haw now realized that his new beliefs were encouraging new behaviors. He was behaving differently than when he kept returning to the same cheeseless station.



He knew that when you change what you believe, you change what you do.

You can believe that a change wil harm you and resist it. Or you can believe that finding New Cheese wil help you and embrace the change.



It all depends on what you choose to believe.



He wrote on the wall:





Haw knew he would be in better shape now if he had dealt with the change much sooner and left Cheese Station C earlier. He would feel stronger in body and spirit and he could have coped better with the challenge of finding New Cheese. In fact, he probably would have found it by now if he had expected change, rather than wasting time denying that the change had already taken place.