
But Haw realized that he had already tried to get his friend to change.



Hem had to find his own way, beyond his comforts and past his fears. No one else could do it for him, or talk him into it. He somehow had to see the advantage of changing himself.



Haw knew he had left a trail for Hem and that he could find his way, if he could just read The Handwriting On The Wall.



He went over and wrote down a summary of what he had learned on the largest wall of Cheese Station N. He drew a large piece of cheese around all the insights he had become aware of, and smiled as he looked at what he had learned:





Haw realized how far he had come since he had been with Hem in Cheese Station C, but knew it would be easy for him to slip back if he got too comfortable. So, each day he inspected Cheese Station N to see what the condition of his Cheese was. He was going to do whatever he could to avoid being surprised by unexpected change.



While Haw stil had a great supply of Cheese, he often went out into the Maze and explored new areas to stay in touch with what was happening around him. He knew it was safer to be aware of his real choices than to isolate himself in his comfort zone.



Then, Haw heard what he thought was the sound of movement out in the Maze. As the noise grew louder, he realized that someone was coming.



Could it be that Hem was arriving? Was he about to turn the corner?



Haw said a little prayer and hoped—as he had many times before—that maybe, at last, his friend was finally able to ...





A Discussion

Later That Same Day



When Michael finished telling the story, he looked around the room and saw his former classmates smiling at him.



Several thanked him and said they got a good deal out of the story.



Nathan asked the group, "What would you think of getting together later and maybe discussing it?"



Most of them said they would like to talk about it, and so they arranged to meet later for a drink before dinner.



That evening, as they gathered in a hotel lounge, they began to kid each other about finding their "Cheese" and seeing themselves in the Maze.



Then Angela asked the group good-naturedly, "So, who were you in the story? Sniff, Scurry, Hem or Haw?"



Carlos answered, "Well, I was thinking about that this afternoon. I clearly remember a time before I had my sporting goods business, when I had a rough encounter with change.



"I wasn't Sniff—1 didn't sniff out the situation and see the change early. And I certainly wasn't Scurry—1 didn't go into action immediately.



"I was more like Hem, who wanted to stay in familiar territory. The truth is, I didn't want to deal with the change. I didn't even want to see it."



Michael, who felt like no time had passed since he and Carlos were close friends in school, asked, "What are we talking about here, buddy?"



Carlos said, "An unexpected change of jobs."



Michael laughed. "You were fired?"



"Wel , let's just say I didn't want to go out looking for New Cheese. I thought I had a good reason why change shouldn't happen to me. So, I was pretty upset at the time."



Some of their former classmates who had been quiet in the beginning felt more comfortable now and spoke up, including Frank, who had gone into the military.



"Hem reminds me of a friend of mine," Frank said. "His department was closing down, but he didn't want to see it. They kept relocating his people.

We all tried to talk to him about the many other opportunities that existed in the company for those who wanted to be flexible, but he didn't think he had to change. He was the only one who was surprised when his department closed.



Now he's having a hard time adjusting to the change he didn't think should happen."



Jessica said, "I didn't think it should happen to me either, but my 'Cheese' has been moved more than once, especially in my personal life, but we can get to that later."



Many in the group laughed, except Nathan.



"Maybe that's the whole point," Nathan said.



"Change happens to all of us."



He added, "I wish my family had heard the Cheese story before this.

Unfortunately we didn't want to see the changes coming in our business, and now it's too late—we're having to close many of our stores."



That surprised many in the group, because they thought Nathan was lucky to be in a secure business he could depend on, year after year.



"What happened?" Jessica wanted to know.



"Our chain of small stores suddenly became old fashioned when the mega-store came to town with its huge inventory and low prices. We just couldn't compete with that.



"I can see now that instead of being like Sniff and Scurry, we were like Hem.

We stayed where we were and didn't change. We tried to ignore what was happening and now we are in trouble. We could have taken a couple of lessons from Haw—because we certainly couldn't laugh at ourselves and change what we were doing."