Volume I Friends

"Kikyo, would you like to stop by the coffee shop when you go back? "

" well, I'm going I'm going! Ah, but wait a minute. I'll invite another person. "

after informing his female friends in advance, he came to horibai, who was packing his textbook in his schoolbag.

"Mr. horibei, I'm going to the coffee shop with my friends next. Would you like to go to the coffee shop with me, if you can? "

" not interested. "

horibai seems to think it's useless to say more, so he cut off the invitation of chlota.

Even if it's a lie, can't she answer "I'm going shopping next" or "I've made an appointment with someone else"? Horibei clearly refused, but CTTB still kept smiling.

It's no surprise that such a situation has existed for a long time. From the beginning of the school, chlota would like to invite Horiba to play regularly. It's not good to respond to her for a moment. Would it be the Unscrambling of bystanders? However, no one can deny that Horie wanted to be alone.

"Well Then I'll invite you next time. "

" and so on. "

it's hard for horibai to stop ctian. Will she finally fail to be invited by Zhitian?

"Don't invite me again, I feel very troubled. "

she responded coldly.

However, chlota did not show a lonely expression. He kept smiling and said: "I will invite you again. "

then chlota ran to his friend as usual and went out of the corridor in groups.

"Kikyo, don't invite Mr. horibai again. I hate that person - J

just as the door of the classroom was closing, I could vaguely hear the voice of the girl saying that.

Horibai, who is beside me, should have heard this, but she doesn't seem to mind at all.

"Not even you have to say something extra, do you? "

" well, I think I know your personality well. It's no use even if I say it. "

" then I feel a little relieved. "

when horibai was ready to go home, he walked out of the classroom at his own pace.

I stayed in the classroom for a while, but I was bored and left my seat. It's better to go back.

"Aya path, can you excuse me? "

when I passed through the group of people who were still in the classroom, Hirata stopped me. I whispered "no problem" to him. It's hard to be talked to by Hirata.

"Can you think of something about horibai? Because she is always on her own, the girl has some problems. "

that is to say, even those other than those in Zhitian began to keep away from horibai.

"Can you ask her to have a good relationship with her classmates? Isn't this her personal freedom? Moreover, horibai did not cause any trouble to anyone. "

" of course I understand. However, there are many people worried about her. I will never let bullying happen in my class. "

bullying? Although I think it's a bit digressive, maybe there are already such behaviors and signs. Is that why Hirata came to warn me? Hirata looked at me with Frank eyes.

"Rather than let me talk about it, you can tell her directly in Hirata, which will be better. "

"…… The same is true. Sorry to say something strange to you. "

horibai is more lonely in class day by day. In a month's time, she will be a complete stranger in her class.

Of course, this is horibai's personal problem. It's not for me to step in.

1

I left school and went directly to the dormitory. However, there appeared a Chlamys field that should have gone out with friends. She leaned against the wall as if waiting for someone. As soon as chlota noticed me, he smiled as usual.

"That's great. I'm waiting for my classmates. I have something to say to you. Could you excuse me? "

" yes "

it's not a confession This kind of development is only about one percent.

"I will ask frankly. Have you ever seen the smile of Mr. Horie? "

" eh? No... No impression. "

it seems that chlota is talking to me for Horiba's sake. Then I tried to think about it again. I didn't really remember seeing her smile. Zhitian holds my hand and tries to close the distance between us. Is it floral? It's a very comfortable fragrance, which stimulates my nose.

"Me I want to be a friend of horibai's classmates. "

" your mind has been fully conveyed. At first, it seemed that many people came to talk to horibai, but up to now, they still do so. Only you, Kuroda, are alone. "

" Ayana's observation on horibai was really careful. "

" it's not so much observation as I'm sitting next door, so I'll get the news anyway. "

from the day of enrollment, girls have been actively building small groups. Compared with boys, girls seem to have a stronger sense of faction and territory. Even in this class of about 20 girls, there are four or so forces. Although most of them get along well, they hold each other back in some places.

However, the exception is the present ctenoptera. No matter where she goes, she can eat well. Not only that, but also she has become the king of super popularity. In order to become friends with her, she also continued to persevere in her actions. Students can't do this kind of thing even if they want to. Maybe because of this, she will be admired by everyone.

Plus she's cute.

What's attached is the most attractive - it's also a common pattern in the world.

"You have been warned by horibai. I don't know what she will say next time. "

I know that guy is not the type of person who talks in a roundabout way. If it's not done well, maybe she'll say something more severe. To be honest, I don't want to see chlamyda hurt.

"You Can you help me? "

" well "

I didn't answer immediately. Generally, if you are asked by such a lovely girl, you will soon agree. But as a matter of avoidance, I can't be positive, and I don't want to see chlota hurt by Horiba's ruthless words. Here, I'd better refuse.

"Although I know your mood very well "

" no way Do you? "

cute + please + look up = fatal.

"…… I can't help it. Only this time. "

" really? Thank you, Ling Xiaolu! "

when ctian heard that I was willing to help, he smiled happily from the bottom of his heart.

…… So cute. I can't help but ask her to hang out with me. But I can't do this kind of disorderly thing.

"So, specifically, what should I do? Even if you say you want to be friends with her, it's not easy. "

what criteria should be used to define whether the other party is a friend? This is a difficult question that I can't answer.

"Well First of all, what's the first step? "

" I'm smiling. "

the act of showing a smile is something that can only be done by slightly relaxing the vigilance of people.

If we can develop such a relationship, we should be called friends.

Looking at this part of "see smile", maybe we can quite understand people's mind.

"Is there any idea that can make her laugh? "

" well I'm going to think about it with you next time. "

Ctenopharyngodon was very embarrassed." Hey, "he said, knocking his head gently with his fist.

If the ugly girl does this, I will give her a flat. But if it's ctenoptera, I will give her a high score.

"Smile "

because of CTTB's sudden request, I joined in the battle to help her see horibai's smile.

But is this really possible? I am deeply suspicious.

"Anyway, invite horibei out after school. Because if she went back to the dormitory, there would be nothing she could do. Do you have any hope of meeting somewhere? "

" ah, what about parette? I often go to parette, and hori Bei should have overheard this, too? "

parrett is one of the most popular cafes in the school.

It is true that ctian often tells other girls to go to parette together after school.

Even I've heard of this kind of thing, horibai should have remembered it unconsciously.

"The two of you went in to parette to order, and after that, they ran into each other. How about this? "

" no, let me think Maybe it's a little too low on her. Can you ask your friends to help? "

maybe horibai will go back at the moment when he finds chlamyda. It's better to arrange a situation that makes it difficult for her to leave the table. I immediately put forward the idea to ctenoptera.

"OH & ා12316; if so, it's really natural! Ling Xiaodao's schoolmate's brain is very good! "

on the other side of ctenoptera, he put his head several times and listened with his eyes shining.

"It has nothing to do with the mind, has it? In a word, it's like this. "

" I see. I'm looking forward to it! "

No, I'm bothered by your expectation.

"Even chlamyda, you have closed the door and asked me to invite horibai. I don't know whether she will come or not. "

" no problem. Because I think horibai trusted you very much. "

" why do you think so? Come on, evidence. "

" well, do you think so? But at least you should be more trusted than anyone else in your class. "

this is just because there is no other more suitable person.

"I will talk to horibei. It's just by chance. "

I happened to meet on the bus, and my seat was next door.

Without either party, we may not have a chance to talk to each other.

"Isn't it almost accidental that people meet each other? And this chance will make people become friends and close friends It will even gradually develop into lovers and family. "

"…… i see. "

so to speak, maybe it is. It's also a kind of accident to be able to talk to ctenoptera like this.

That is to say, I may develop a romantic relationship with ctian in the end.

2

finally came to school time. In order to enjoy their school life, the students discussed with each other where to go. On the other hand, I made eye contact with ctenoptera and confirmed the beginning of the war.

As the goal of horibai, as usual, a person quietly began to prepare to go home.

"Hello, horibai. Are you free after school today? I have no time to waste. I have to go back to my dorm to prepare for tomorrow. "

although I think the so-called preparation for tomorrow is only coming to school.

"I hope you can accompany me. "

"…… What do you have?