Volume 1 Class D

On the second day of school, as it was the first day of class, most of the class only made learning policies and other instructions.

The teachers are so cheerful and friendly that people don't think it's a school for entering a higher school. Many students are disappointed in their actual feelings. Even Xuteng has put on the appearance of a great man, sleeping in almost every class. Although the teacher noticed, he didn't want to admonish him at all.

Listening or not is a personal freedom, so the teacher will not interfere. Is this the corresponding way for non compulsory high school students?

In a relaxed atmosphere into the lunch break. The students left the table, went out to eat with the people they knew. I can only look at the scene with envy. Unfortunately, in the end, I didn't even have half of my classmates who seemed to get better.

"How sad. "

another single person noticed my situation and gave me a look of ridicule.

"Why, what sorrow? "

" I really want to be invited and have dinner with whom - because I see through your ideas. "

" you are also a person, don't you think so? Or are you going to be alone without friends for three years? "

" yes, I prefer a person. "

horibai replied quickly without any confusion. I can hear that from the bottom of my heart.

"Leave me alone, but do you think of some way for your situation? "

" yes "

If I can't make good friends with my friends, I really can't say such a thing on my own.

To be honest, if you don't make friends like this, you will be in trouble later. Because being isolated can also become conspicuous. If you become a bully, you will be miserable.

Only a minute after the class ended, about half of the students in the class disappeared.

The rest of the students, like me, who would like to go with someone, but they are timid. There are also people who didn't realize this kind of thing from the beginning, or like horibei who likes to go alone.

"Er - I want to go to the student restaurant next. Is there anyone to go with me? "

Hirata said that as soon as he stood up.

I'm quite impressed by this guy's thinking loop, or the posture of the life victory group. And somewhere in my heart, I may be looking forward to the Savior who makes this opportunity.

Hirata, I'll go now. I'm determined and ready to slowly raise my hand

"I'm going to &" 12316;! "I want it, too! I want it, too! "

as soon as I saw the girls gathered around Hirata, I put down the hand I was trying to lift.

Why do girls raise their hands! That's what Hirata showed to the single boy! Even if he is a little handsome, don't even follow him for dinner!

"What a tragedy. "

horibai's vision changed from ridicule to contempt.

"Don't judge others' hearts without permission! "

" is there anyone else? "

maybe it was a little lonely because there was no boy. Hirata looked around.

Hirata's eyes moved in the classroom, and then, of course, met with my eyes as a boy.

This way! Hirata, pay attention to me! The man who is looking forward to your invitation is here!

And I on the eye of Hirata, did not look away.

It's worthy of being a life winning group who takes care of the class. Does he understand my request!

"Er - Aya small --"

in Hirata, it seems that in order to respond to me, the moment when I want to call my name --

"let's go, Hirata. "

a hot girl didn't notice me, so she grabbed Hirata's arm.

Ah Hirata's eyes were taken away by the girls. Then, Hirata and the girls came out of the classroom in harmony. All I have left are my hands hanging in the air and my body standing in the air.

To this kind of state, I always feel a little ashamed, then pretend to grasp the head and muddle through.

"I'll go first. "

horibai left a compassionate sight and walked out of the classroom alone.

"Vacuum is empty "

I had no choice but to leave my seat alone, so I decided to go to the student restaurant.

If the atmosphere doesn't allow me to eat alone, go to the convenience store and buy something.

"You are Ling Xiaolu's classmate Am I right? "

I was about to go to the student restaurant when I was stopped by a beautiful girl. It's chlota in the class.

Because it's the first time to face like this, my heart is pounding.

Her hair is a little shorter from the shoulder Brown straight hair. It's not a dirty image, but she wears the skirt to the shortest length allowed by the school, full of the feeling of the recent high school girls. The make-up bag in her hand is hung with many key rings. I can't tell if she's carrying her make-up bag or the key ring.

"I'm a member of the same class. Do you remember me? "

" probably remember, what can I do for you? "

" actually I want to ask you something. That... Although it's a small thing, is it hard for Ayana to have a good relationship with horibai? "

" it's not so good, ordinary, ordinary. What happened to that guy? "

it seems that horibai is not so much for me as for her purpose. A little sad.

"Ah Uh huh. That... Don't I want to get better with my classmates? So I'm asking the contact way one by one. But... He was rejected by his classmates. "

that guy is too wasteful. Since there is such a positive person, it's not good to contact her by the way. In this way, you may be able to integrate into the class by accident.

"Did you talk in front of the school on the day of the entrance ceremony? "

thinking that we are on the same bus, she will see my meeting with horibai, which is not surprising.

"What is Horie's personality? Is it someone who can speak all kinds of things in front of friends? "

does she want to know about horibai Although I asked a lot of questions, I didn't seem to be able to answer half of them.

"I think she's a bit of a social type. But why ask about horibai? "

" you see, when introducing himself, Mr. horibai left the classroom, right? It seems that I haven't talked to anyone, so I'm a little worried. "

when introducing himself, this person seems to have said that he hopes to be better with the whole class.

"I know what you mean, but I met her only yesterday, so I can't help you. "

" well This is so. I thought you must be former classmates or old friends. I'm sorry to ask you something strange. "

" no, it doesn't matter. Just, why do you know my name? "

" why Didn't you introduce yourself? I have a good memory. "

it seems that CTTB is listening to my hopeless self introduction.

I always think that in this way, I am already very happy.

"Please give me more advice again, Aya koji. "

she reached out to me. Although I was a little confused, I rubbed my hand on my trousers and then held her hand.

"Please give me more advice "

something lucky may happen today. Since there are bad things, there will be good things.

But the human is one kind follows own convenience the biology, therefore the bad matter always can easily cover the past.

1

as a result, I only peeped at the student canteen a little, so I went to the convenience store to buy bread and went back to the classroom.

There are about ten students who stay in the classroom, including those who eat at the same table with friends, and those who eat alone and quietly. If we want to point out the common point, it is because of the accommodation of all, so almost all of us eat the Bento of super business or student restaurant.

I was about to start eating by myself, but the next door neighbor came back first.

Where did she buy that on her desk? Horibai is eating a delicious sandwich.

Because she was full of the "don't talk to me" breath, I didn't particularly talk to her and sat back in my seat.

After I sat down, as I chewed the sweet bread, music came from the radio.

"Starting at 5:00 this afternoon, there will be a club presentation in the first gymnasium. Students interested in the club, please gather at the first gymnasium. Again. Today -

the voice of a lovely woman comes out on the radio.

A club? I haven't joined the club yet.

"Hello, horibai --"

"I'm not interested in the club. "

"…… I haven't asked you anything. "

" so what do you want to say? "

" are you not a member of Horiba club? "

" are you dementia? Or just a fool? I replied from the beginning that I was not interested. "

" even if you are not interested, it doesn't mean you won't join the club. "

" that's called persuasion. You'd better remember it well. "

" I will "

horibei is not interested in making friends or clubs. I must have bored her by talking to her like this. Does she go to this school just to get into school or get a job?

If it's going to a higher school, it's not unimaginable, but it's a pity.

"You really don't have any friends. I'm so sorry. You're the only one I've been able to talk to so far. Let me start by saying that you don't count me as your friend. "

" Oh, well "

" so, if you want to see a club, what club are you going to join? "

" ah, no, I haven't started to think. But I don't think so. "

" don't plan to join the club, but want to go to the explanation meeting. It's strange. Or do you use the club as an excuse and actually plan to make friends? "

why is this guy so keen. No, it's just me. You understand?

"For me, who failed on the first day, I think the only chance left is the club. It's not good to invite people other than me. "

" it's because I don't have invited people that I'm so upset! "

" it makes sense. However, I don't think that's what you really said. Because if you want to make friends seriously, you should take the initiative. "

" I just can't do it, will I leave the crowd forever? "

horibai sends sandwiches to his small mouth and quietly starts eating again.

"It's a little hard to understand your contradictory ideas. "

want friends but can't make friends. Horibai seems to have no idea about it.

"Horibei, have you never joined the club? "

" yes, I don't have any experience in community. "

" what is the experience except for the community? Have you really experienced all kinds of things? "

"…… Hey, what are you trying to say? I feel the problem is malicious. "