Volume 1 The End Of The Day

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Fool, you are so funny! "

now is the second math class. Today, Chi is still talking and laughing loudly in class. He is talking to Yamauchi. In the three weeks since the beginning of the school, Chi and shannei, together with Xuteng, were called the three idiot group in secret.

"Hello hello, do you want to go to karaoke?" "I'm going to &" 12316; "

the girls' group nearby has been discussing the plan after school.

"It's been a long time, but it's really a matter of a moment. Aren't you also adding a lot of friends? "

horibai looked at the blackboard and notebook alternately, and said to me while copying.

"It's increasing. "

at the beginning, I was very uneasy, but I took the opportunity of the event with Xuteng in the supermarket, the club presentation, and the interaction in the swimming pool. Their friendship with them in the pool and the mountain also reached the level of occasionally having dinner together.

Even though we still have a long way to go from our best friends, we have developed a relationship that can be called a friend after returning to God.

That's how incredible relationships are. I don't know exactly when we became friends.

"Early --"

in the second half of the class, the classroom entrance was opened with noise. The man who comes to the classroom is Xuteng. He didn't care that the class was still going on, so he yawned sleepily and sat down.

"Xuteng, you are too late. Ah, you're going to lunch together, aren't you? "

chi speaks to Xuteng in the distance. The math teacher not only didn't persuade him, but also went on with his class without looking at him at all. Generally speaking, I feel like a piece of chalk is coming. However, is this laissez faire? It's amazing that the teachers of every subject acquiesced in speaking in private, being late or dozing off. The people in the class who were very polite at the beginning are at ease now.

Although there are also very few students, like horibai, who have been studying very seriously.

My pocket vibrated and my cell phone received a notification. Some of the chat groups created by boys in the class sent messages. It seems that we are going to have lunch together in the student restaurant at noon.

"Hello, horibai. Do you want to have lunch together? "

" I don't need it. Because your group are very vulgar. "

"…… I can't deny that. "

boys are mostly talking about girls or obscene. Like who is cute, or who is communicating with whom, where to go, etc. It may not be appropriate to involve girls.

"Well It's true. Have you made a girlfriend? How powerful. "

according to Chi and their news, Hirata seems to have been with the light well Ze in his class. I looked for the figure of qingjingze, and saw her sitting in the distance clearly passing the sight full of love to Hirata.

When it comes to the impression of qingjingze, what should I say? She's not unlovable either, but she seems to have a temperament that is hard for new lovers to get close to. In short, she is the kind of girl who is very active.

When she was in junior high school, she must have eaten all the handsome men like Hirata. Although this is my imagination, it should not be too wrong. Alas, it's not surprising to say a vicious word carelessly, even if it's said to be slander. It's really rude to qingjingze. I apologize to her in my heart.

"You look so annoying. "

horibai gave me cold vision. It seems that my dirty ideas have been seen through.

What kind of steps should we take to become a couple right after school? I've worked so hard to make friends.

He said directly to horibei, "let's get together, shall we? "- but I will be beaten by her.

Besides, if I want to make a girlfriend, I prefer a more virtuous and gentler girl.

1

the third class is the social class of the tea pillar teacher. Tea column teacher came to even after the clock is still noisy classroom. Even if the teacher came, the high spirits of the students did not stop at all.

"Be quiet for me - I need you to be a little more serious today. "

" what's the matter? Mr. Sasaki. "

some students have begun to call teachers by that kind of endearment.

"Because it's the end of the month, we need to have a quiz. Pass it back. "

the teacher will send the test paper to the students sitting in the first row. Soon, a test paper came from my seat. There are five main subjects listed above. Each subject has several small questions. It's really a small test.

"Eh, I haven't heard of the exam. It's cunning;" br >

"don't say that. This test will only be used as a reference in the future and will not be reflected in the report card. There will be no risk, so rest assured. But of course, cheating is strictly prohibited. "

I am a little concerned about what seems to be said in this passage. Generally speaking, grades only affect the report card. However, what Mr. chazhu said is a little different. The so-called "not reflected" on the report card seems to make people feel that it will be reflected in something other than the report card.

But I think too much. Since it won't affect the report card, there's no need to be on guard.

The sudden quiz began. I've looked over the questions. Each subject has four questions, a total of 20 questions, and each question has five points, a full score of 100. However, the topics are almost as simple as disappointing.

The subject is two levels lower than the entrance examination. Anyway, it's too easy, isn't it?

As I thought about it, I saw the last three questions and found that they were very difficult. The final question of mathematics can't be solved without a list of complex formulas.

"Er The difficulty of this question is really high "

it can't be seen that this is the level that can be solved in the first grade of senior high school. The nature of the last three questions is obviously very different, and it even makes people think that it's misplaced.

Obviously, it will not affect the results. What is the test measuring?

Well, I did as well as I did in the entrance examination.

Mr. chazhu is going to supervise the exam. As she slowly patrolled the classroom, she watched the students for cheating. I would not be regarded as cheating under the degree, secretly looked at Horie north. With a ballpoint pen in her right hand, she continued to fill in the answers without hesitation, as if she could easily get full marks.

Then, until the bell rang, I continued to confront the examination papers.

2

"you I'll forgive you if I'm honest? What do you want me to be honest about? "

after lunch, I sat down with them in the corridor beside the vending machine to chat with them. At this time, the pool approached me slowly and coldly.

"…… We're friends, right? And it's a partner who's going to share the joys and sorrows of the past three years, right? "

" yes, yes. That's right. "

" of course If I make a girlfriend, I'll tell us, right? "

" what? Girl friend? Well If I did. "

pool put his arm on my shoulder.

"You're not associating with horibai, are you? I won't allow you to take the lead. "

"…… What? "

when I realized it, Ivy was also looking at me suspiciously.

"Fool, I'm not dating her. Not at all. Oh, really. "

" because you are secretly talking about something in class today. It's about something we can't tell you, right? Things like dating, dating, dating and so on! Ah ah Envy! "

" is impossible. Horibai is not that kind of person. Who knows? We didn't talk to her. Even if her name had not been heard from chlamyda, we would not have known it until now. It is not so much that she has no sense of existence as that she is too difficult to get close to. "

that's right. I hardly remember horibai talking to me and other people outside of chlota.

"Even so, it's too much to know the name. Do you remember the names of the whole class? "

…… I tried to think about it, but I couldn't even think of half of it. I see. I see.

"Isn't she cute just by her looks? That's why I pay attention to her. "

they nodded in the mountain to show their approval.

"But her personality is very harsh. I can't help that kind of woman. "

Xuteng said while drinking coffee.

"In other words, I don't know what to say if she has thorns. If I want to pay, I also want to find the kind of girl who is more outgoing and can have a more natural dialogue. Of course, it should be lovely. It's like little chlamyda. "

the person Chi likes is indeed ctenoptera.

"Ah, I really want to communicate with xiaoctian. No, I want to roll the bed sheet with her - "

shouted the mountain.

"Fool, how can you associate with xiaoctian! Even the imagination is not allowed! Do you think you can associate with her, Chi? In my heart, xiaoctian has already slept beside me! "

" what do you say! In my place, she not only cosplay, but also put out a very good posture! "

the two of them are fighting for each other's imagination. Hello hello hello, although want to imagine what all is high school student's freedom, but this also to chlota too impolite.

"Xuteng, who are your goals? I heard that there are lovely girls in the basketball club! "

" ah? I haven't found it yet. New members don't have much time to judge women. "

" true or false All in all, if you have a girlfriend, you can't hide it and you have to tell it! Do you know? Do it! "

" Whoa, whoa. "

he kept telling people that it was very annoying, so I nodded to say yes. When it comes to my girlfriend, I think about Hirata.

"After all, I heard that qingjingze has become a girlfriend of Hirata? "

" ah & "yes. I heard that a few days ago, we saw them walking hand in hand. "

" walking side by side must be together. They should have passed that. It's done. "

" there must be - ah & ා12316; I envy you so much! "

only high school students have sex. What is this feeling of unreality? But they should have done it.

…… Unconsciously, I think so, and these guys are the same kind.

"I really want to hear from someone who has done something about his experience "

lie down in the corridor inside the mountain and pour out your instinct completely.

"Just ask pingtian. "

" you, do you think if you ask Hirata, he will tell the content honestly? It feels like a chest