Volume 1 Failing Groups

In the twinkling of an eye, it's the beginning of summer when tea fragrance is full of fragrance. I wish you more and more peace.

It has been a month and a half since high school began. I live a proper and stable life.

"Hello, are you listening? Is your brain OK? "

horibai politely put his hand on my forehead and then put it back on his forehead.

"I don't seem to have a fever. I don't have a fever! I was just a little immersed in a long memory. "

I thought back to the process so far and sighed deeply. I promised Horie north to help her, but at present I am in a state of hindsight.

At that time, although I was also trying to cheer horibai up, after rethinking, I realized that this was really not my style.

"So chief of staff, what should I do? "

" well Of course, it is necessary to persuade Xuteng to attend the book club again. For this reason, you can only kowtow, please. Why is it like this It's because you and Xuteng have a dispute, isn't it? "

" that's because they didn't study hard. Don't get the focus wrong. "

this guy Are you really going to help them?

"Without the power of ctenophore field, it is impossible to summon them again. You know what? "

"…… That's true. In order to take the overall situation into consideration, I can only make sacrifices. "

how much do you hate to let chlamyda participate. Horibei seemed very dissatisfied, but agreed. Horie North usually does not allow chlota to approach her. I think this is her biggest compromise.

"Then I won't say more. Can you help me with the matter of CTTB? "

" me? "

" isn't that natural? Because I have a contract with you. Before you go to class A, you must obey my orders, like a horse pulling a cart, and serve me constantly. "

I don't remember at all that I signed this contract.

"Look, there are also contracts here. "

wow, really. It's not just my name, it's even sealed.

"You will be charged with forgery! "

I tore it and threw it away on the spot. Hori north then walked to is tidying up the desk the chlamyda side.

"Chlota, I have something to say to you. Can you have lunch with me if you can? "

" lunch? It's strange that Mr. Horie would invite me. Well, yes. "

even if I saw her on the other side, chlota did not waver as usual. She readily agreed to horibei. Then, we went to parrett, the most popular coffee shop in the school, together with such a field.

This is the place where I lied with chlota last time to call Horiba out and make her angry.

Horibai said that he would treat, so he ordered some food for chlota. Of course, I paid for it myself.

With a smile on his face, chlota took over the material and sat down on the seat. The two of us also sat down in front of the field.

"Thank you. So, what do you want to say to me? In order to avoid their failure in the exam, can you help hold the reading meeting again? "

" for whom? Is it for Xuteng students? "

even Zhitian doesn't think that horibai's request is purely out of goodwill.

"No, it's for myself. "

" well, Mr. horibai is really such a person. "

" can't you work with people who aren't willing to help your friends? "

" I think no matter what kind of ideas you want to hold, it's personal freedom. But I'm glad you answered me frankly, because I don't want you to tell me a bad lie. I see. I can help you. Because we are not all classmates? Right, Ling Xiaolu? "

" Oh, well, it really helped. "

" but I want to ask Mr. horibai. Mr. Horie, you are not for friends or points. It's to help them in order to get into class A, right? "

" yes. "

" is that unbelievable Isn't that impossible? Ah, I'm not looking down on you. But how to say Most of the class should have given up. "

" is it because there is a big gap between our current points and those of class a? "

" well And to be honest, I don't think I can catch up. We're not sure we'll get points next month. It's depressing. "

the upper body of ctenoptera lies on the table.

"I will definitely do it. "Br >

" does Ayana take class A as the goal? "

" yes. As my assistant, he will work with me to achieve the goal of upgrading to class A. Don't take me as your assistant.

"Well I got it! Let me join you. Of course, that's why I asked you to help me with the book club. "

" that's not the case. I want to join your class A activities. Besides the book club, there are many things to do next, right? "

" yes, yes, although it is "

" or, you don't want me to join? "

Kuroda stared at horibai with his big eyes, as if he was observing her expression.

"I see. If the reading meeting goes smoothly, I will formally ask for your help. "

horibai replied. She should still have doubts about Ctenopharyngodon. But even so, she had to agree, probably because she also knew that she had her own lack of moral character.

As soon as Horie agreed, CTTB suddenly sat up on his upper body.

"Really! Excellent! "

from the bottom of his heart, he raised his hands on the spot and expressed his joy frankly. She looks like this, and every move is pretty cute.

"Horie North! Aya path! So give me more advice again. "

ctenoptera's hands reached out to us at the same time.

Although horibai and I were at a loss, we still held her hand.

"The next question is whether the students of Xuteng will agree. "

" yes. As it is, it may be a little difficult. "

" so, can this matter be handed over to me again? I've joined you all. Let me do this little thing. Okay? "

horibai was involved in the action of chlota's own way, and was a bit restrained by her momentum.

She took out her cell phone and seemed to be ready to act immediately. After a while, Chi and shannei, who were invited by ctenoptera and were ecstatic, appeared. However, as soon as they saw the face of horibei and I, they immediately asked me with their eyes, "you should not tell the chat room! ". This is just the case, so I decided to ignore them. On this occasion, maybe their guilt will play a good role.

"I'm sorry to call you both out. It's not so much me as hori Bei who wants to talk to you. "

" what What's up? We... What did you do! "

overreaction They were all scared to their legs.

"Don't you two plan to attend the reading meeting of pingtian students? "

" eh? Read... Book club? Oh, I'm too lazy to read, and Hirata is so popular, it's also very popular There's always a way to recite one more day before the exam. Besides, it's the same way in junior high school. "

what shannei said to Chi, he also nodded twice or three times. It seems that they are going to stay up all night.

"It's really like your style. However, if it goes on like this, it is likely to suffer from dropout. "

" you still think you're great. "

Wisteria appeared and stared at horibai. He seems to have been caught in the sweet trap of ctenoptera.

"Xuteng, the most worrying thing is you. You have no sense of crisis about dropping out of school. "

" it's none of your business. You'd better not go too far, or I'll beat you. I'm busy playing now. I just need to read books before the exam. Xuteng, be cold and calm, OK? "

it seems that Chi does not want to let people know about the chat room, but appeases Xuteng.

"Hello, Xuteng. Shall we read together again? Although you may be able to survive the night before, if you fail, you will not be able to continue playing your favorite basketball! "

" here However, I am not going to accept this woman's charity like behavior. I haven't forgotten what she said to me the other day. If you want to invite me, you have to apologize sincerely. "

Xuteng is hostile to horibai, so he said. Even though he thought it would be dangerous if he didn't read a book, he still couldn't seem to forgive the insult to basketball.

For this, of course, Horie will not apologize lightly. Because she boasted that she could not say the wrong thing.

"Xuteng, I hate you very much. "

" what -! "

let alone apologize, horibai even said harsh words to Xuteng.

"But now, even if we hate each other, isn't it just a small thing? I'm teaching you to read for myself, but you just have to study hard for yourself? "

" is that how you want to go to class a? And even invite the annoying me. "

" yes, that's right. If not, who do you think would like to be involved with you. "

for every unstoppable sentence in Horie's North portal, Xuteng became obviously anxious.

"I'm busy playing. Even during the exam, other guys didn't stop practicing. I can't let basketball fall behind people because of my boring lessons. "

horibai, as if he had foreseen that Xuteng would say such a thing, took out a notebook and opened it for him to see. It details the schedule up to the examination.

"I found out in the book club the other day that it was useless to learn that way. You haven't laid a solid foundation for your studies. For example, it's like a frog being thrown into the sea without knowing where to swim. And, as Xuteng said, I know that if you cut off the entertainment arrangement, you will be under pressure. So I came up with a solution. "What kind of magic is this? I'd like to ask you to tell me if there are any. "

Xuteng sneers at this, as if he thinks there is no way to balance reading and community.

"For two weeks from now, you usually have to work hard in class. "

for a moment, I couldn't understand what horibai was talking about. And everyone else is like me.

"The three of you don't usually take classes seriously, do you? "

" I really hope you don't presume. "

pool retorts.

"So, do you have a serious class? "

"…… No, I'm all in a daze waiting for class to end. "

" I think so. In other words, you waste six hours a day. It's smaller than arranging one or two after school