Volume 1 Welcome To The Dreamlike Campus Life



"Aya path, can you excuse me? "



here comes my fear.



The guy came to me as if nothing had happened.



The devil came to awaken me who was facing the inner and social conditions.



"Symphony No. 11" by Xiao Shita and Gao Weiqi came to my mind. Now, I am very suitable for this song, which shows people being chased, fleeing by demons, and declaring the despair of the end of the world.



Even if I close my eyes, I can feel that the devil standing next to me is eager to see the awakening of slaves, and the extraordinary atmosphere it sends out So, as a slave, how can I break this situation



In order to avoid danger, I run my brain at full speed and deduce the answer instantly.



The conclusion is I decided to pretend I didn't hear it, and I named it the "sleep" operation. Use this trick.



If you are a gentle girl, you should say "really, really can't help it. It's too pitiful to wake you up, let you go" and let me go.



Or " If you don't get up, kiss me. Look! "This mode is OK.



"In three seconds from now, if you don't declare that you are awake, I will punish you. "



"…… What are sanctions! "



the interval is less than one second, and the operation of sleep is detected. I succumbed to the threat of force.



Even if I don't raise my head, it's my only resistance.



"Look, I'm awake. "



" I've learned enough that it's terrible to make you angry. "



" good. So can I take up some of your time? "



"…… What if I said no? "



" let me think Although you have no right to refuse, I should be very unhappy. "Next, this guy went on to say:



" if I become unhappy, the campus life of Ayana will also cause great obstacles in the future. By the way, for example, countless pushpins are placed on the chair, water is poured from the top after entering the toilet, or needles are sometimes pricked by compasses, and so on. "



" it's just harassment No, isn't this bullying! And in the end, should that be particularly true? I remember being stabbed! "



I can't help but stand up from lying on the table.



On the right side, the girl with black hair and beautiful and sharp eyes is looking down at me.



Her name is Horie North ringtone. I am a classmate of class D in senior high school.



"Don't worry. I was just kidding. I won't pour you water right above. "



" the key point is that the pushpin and the compass part! Look at this! There are still traces of being stabbed! If become permanent scar, how do you plan to be responsible? You say ah! "



I rolled up my right sleeve and stretched out the stabbed upper arm to hori Bei's eyes.



"What about the evidence? "



" eh? "



" so what about the evidence? Are you sure I'm a prisoner when you don't have any evidence? "



I do not have evidence. Within the distance of needling me, there is only hori Bei in the neighborhood. It's hard to say that it's decisive evidence that horibai is adjusting the compasses after being stabbed around



But compared with this, I still have something to confirm.



"Do you really have to help? I tried to reconsider, but still - "



" Hello, Aya koji. Which do you like better, regretting while suffering, or regretting while despairing? You forced me back before, because of this, of course, I have to take responsibility. Right? "



Horiba's unreasonable alternative question is put in front of him. It seems that the thief ship will not be allowed. It's my mistake to make a contract with this devil. I decided to give up and submit to her.



"…… So, what on earth should I do? What else should I do? "



I asked gingerly. I'm not surprised by what I've been asked to do.



Really, why is it like this? ——Even if I don't want to, I can't help thinking about it again.



My meeting with this girl happened to be two months ago from now on. That's the day of the entrance ceremony



1



April. Entrance ceremony. I was on the bus to school, shaking with the car. As I spent my time looking out of the window at the street view changes, the number of bus passengers increased.



The passengers in the same car were almost young people in high school uniforms.



When I found out, I almost misunderstood the crowding level in the car. Would those office workers who were chased by work and full of frustration be about to commit the act of sex wolf.



The old lady standing not far ahead of me, now she seems to be on the verge of falling down, which makes people feel very dangerous. But since we know it's such a rate, but we still need to get on the bus, it's self inflicted.



For me, who is lucky enough to make sure of my seat, all this support has nothing to do with me.



Let me forget the sympathetic old woman, waiting for her destination in a fresh and clear mood.



Today, it's sunny and refreshing. I'm almost asleep.



However, the calm mood disappeared immediately.



"Don't you think you should make way for your seat? "



I was shocked for a moment and opened my eyes, which were almost closed.



Eh, can't I be scolded?



I think so, but the person being advised seems to be a man sitting a little ahead.



Sitting in the fraternity seat, he was a big young blonde - a high school student, to say. Just now, the old woman was standing on his right side, and there was a woman in the style of ol.



"Don't you, who is sitting there, see that grandma is bothered? "



women with ol style seem to want him to give up his philanthropic seat to the old lady.



Ol's voice clearly spread through the quiet car, naturally attracting the eyes of the surrounding.



"It's a crazy question, lady. "



I think teenagers should be angry or ignore, otherwise they are obedient, but the result is not right. The young man grinned and began to cross his legs again.



"Why do I have to give up my seat to this old lady? There's no reason at all. "



" the seat you're sitting in is the fraternity seat, of course, to the elderly? "



" I can't understand. Even if it is a philanthropist, there is no legal obligation to give up his seat. Whether or not to move at this time is up to me who has this seat at present. Young people have to give way? Ha ha ha! It's really the idea of nonsense. "



it's really not the way high school students talk. Even the hair is dyed blonde, which makes me feel out of place.



"I'm a healthy young man. It's not inconvenient to stand, but it's obviously more physical than sitting. I'm not going to do such useless things meaninglessly. Or will you give me tip? "



" here This is the attitude of speaking to the elders! "



" elder? You and the old lady have lived a longer life than me, which is very clear and undoubted. But the so-called senior refers to people with higher status. And you also have a problem. Even if there is an age gap, don't you have a very arrogant and arrogant attitude? "



" what! Are you a high school student? Please listen to me when you talk! "



" OK Ok "



OL was furious, but the old lady didn't seem willing to make things bigger. She placates ol with gestures. However, she seems to be full of fire after being insulted by high school students.



"It seems that the old lady is more reasonable than you. Alas, there are still some values in Japanese society. Sing for the rest of your life. "



the young man showed an inexplicable bright smile, then put on the earphone with loud noise and began to listen to the music. The ol, who plucked up the courage to make suggestions, seemed to gnash his teeth.



Being shut up by someone younger than yourself in a way that is basically tough sophistry. The self righteous attitude of the youth must have made her quite angry.



Even so, she didn't reply because she had to agree with the teenager.



In fact, there is no obligation to abdicate if moral issues are eliminated.



"I'm sorry "



ol fought back tears and apologized to the old woman in a low voice.



It was an accident in the bus. To be honest, I was relieved not to be involved. It doesn't matter how the old people are not allowed to take their seats.



In the end, the young people who carried out themselves marked the end of victory. Just when everyone in the room thinks so --



"that I think my elder sister is right. "



there was an unexpected rescue. The master of the voice seems to be standing by the ol, seemingly determined to speak to the youth with courage. It's a man in my school uniform.



"Is this a pretty girl? It seems that today I have an unexpected heterosexual relationship. "



" from just now on, the old mother-in-law has been looking very uncomfortable. Could you please let your seat out? Well, maybe I'm too nosy, but I think it can also be regarded as a contribution to society. "



the teenager" snapped his fingers.



"Social contribution? So it's quite an interesting idea. Abdication to the elderly is indeed a part of social contribution. But unfortunately, I'm not interested in social contribution. I think it's enough to satisfy myself. What's more, in such a crowded car, although I have become the target of public criticism in the seat of philanthropy, it's OK to put the other people who are indifferent to themselves and don't speak a word and depend on their seats? If there is the idea of cherishing the elderly, I think whether it's a philanthropist or not, it's just a small thing. "



the idea of a young girl has not been conveyed. From the beginning to the end, the young girl does not change her aboveboard attitude. Neither ol nor the old woman could answer back, but they were reluctant to do so.



However, the young girls who face the young people are not discouraged.



"Everyone, please listen to me for a moment. Who would like to give the seat to the old woman? Anyone can, please. "



what courage, determination and consideration are needed to say this sentence? It's definitely not easy. Because of this kind of speech, young girls may be regarded as the existence without common sense and dislike by the surroundings. But the girl was fearless and told the passengers her thoughts seriously.



I'm not sitting in the fraternity seat, but I'm also sitting near the old lady. Just raise your hand and say "please sit down" to calm the commotion. That old man can relax himself.



But no matter I or the people nearby, there was no movement. Because everyone judged that there was no need to abdicate. Just now, the attitude, words and deeds of the youth, although there are