Volume 1 Welcome To The World Of Power Supremacy

The bell rang to announce the first day of May. After a while, the tea column teacher with the poster tube came into the classroom. Her expression was more serious than usual. Teacher, did you have menstruation? ——If you make such a joke, you will feel that you will be hit in the face with a metal bat.

"Teacher, are you not menstruating? "

I didn't expect chi to say that. I think it's a big hit to be in line with him.

"Then the court meeting will be held. But before you start, do you have any questions you want to ask? If you have something to care about, you'd better ask now. "

tea column teacher turned a blind eye to Chi's sexual harassment and said such words. She sounded as if she was sure the student union wanted to ask questions. In fact, several students immediately raised their hands.

"That I checked this morning and found that the points were not saved. Doesn't it mean we'll be paid on the first of every month? I can't buy juice this morning but I'm in a hurry. "

" I've explained it before, that's right. Points will be imported on the first day of each month. There is no doubt that the import has been confirmed this month. "

" eh, but Didn't the points come in? "

they look at each other in this hall and in the mountain. Chi seemed surprised not to notice it. Indeed this morning, I want to say to confirm and look at the number of points. After checking the account, I found that it was exactly the same as yesterday. In other words, the new points are not saved. I thought it would come back later.

"…… You are really a bunch of stupid students. "

is this anger? Or joy? Tea column teacher exudes a sense of creepiness.

"Stupid Do you? "

teacher chazhu cast a sharp look at the silly question.

"This hall, sit down. I won't say it again. "

" Xiao, Xiao zuozhi? "

I recoiled from the stern tone I had never heard before, and sat down on the chair like this.

"Points have been imported. There is no doubt about it. It's impossible to imagine that only this class has been forgotten. Do you understand? "

" no, even if you ask us if we understand In fact, points are not saved in "

I feel confused and dissatisfied at the same time.

Let's suppose that the fact is as teacher chazhu said, "the points have been imported"

If there's no contradiction? Suppose the result of import is zero?

Although the question is very weak, it does expand.

"Hahaha, it's the same thing, teacher. I understand the puzzle. "

Gaoyuan temple said with a loud smile, then he put his feet on the table and pointed to the hall with arrogance.

"It's very simple. On behalf of class D, we haven't even been distributed. "

" what? Why? Doesn't it mean that 100000 yuan will be saved every month "

" I don't remember hearing that. Right? "

GAO Yuansi sneered and pointed his fingertips at the tea column teacher.

"Although the attitude of Gaoyuan temple is questionable, things are just like what he said. It's true that so many tips have been given, but few people can detect it by themselves. It's sad. "

sudden changes and announcements made the classroom start to clamor.

"…… Teacher, can I ask you a question? I have something I can't understand. "

Hirata raised his hand. It can be seen that he didn't protect his points, but raised his hand because he was worried about his classmates. It's worthy of being the leader of the class, even taking the lead in taking action at this time.

"Please tell us the reason why we didn't distribute points, otherwise we can't accept it. "

the detailed reason why the points are not imported is really a complete mystery.

"Ninety eight times in total. The number of private conversations or cell phone use in class is 391. You've done that many times in a month. In this school, the grade of the class will be reflected in the number of points. The result is that you spit out all the 100000 points you should have received. That's all. On the day of the entrance ceremony, I should have directly stated that this school measures its students by their strength. And then you get the "zero" rating this time. That's all. "

although teacher chazhu was stupid, he still uttered a mechanical and emotionless speech. After coming to this school, I'm glad that all the questions I hold have been solved one after another. In the worst form, though.

That is to say, in one month, class d lost the huge advantage of starting and sprinting.

I heard the pencil clucking. Horibai seemed to be trying to grasp the situation, but calmly recorded the number of lateness, absences, and private talks.

"Mr. chazhu, I don't remember that we got this kind of explanation "

" what? Can't you understand without an explanation? "

" of course. We haven't heard about the fact that the number of import points will decrease. As long as you can get instructions, you should not be late or whisper. "

" Hirata, what you said is incredible. I really don't remember that I explained what rules would determine the number of imported points. But don't be late for class, don't chat privately in class - haven't you ever studied in elementary and junior high schools? "

" that is "

" do you remember that? Yes, in the nine years of compulsory education, "it's not good to be late or to chat in class", you should all be tired of hearing it. And you just want to say that you can't accept it without explanation? This kind of heresy doesn't make sense at all. If you take things for granted and finish them for granted, at least it won't become zero. It's all your own responsibility. "

this statement is correct and completely irrefutable. The simplest truth of good and evil, no matter who knows it well.

"You are just in the first grade of high school. Do you really think you can use 100000 yuan every month without any restrictions? What's more, this school is set up by the Japanese government to educate outstanding talents? It's impossible to think with common sense, isn't it? Why do you always ignore questions? "

Hirata was unwilling to make such a correct statement, but immediately looked into the teacher's eyes.

"Well, at least tell us the details of points increase and decrease As a reference for the future. "

" this is not possible. Personnel assessment That is to say, the detailed content of the examination cannot be said according to the regulations of this school. The same is true in society. Even if you leave the society and enter the enterprise, it is up to the enterprise to decide whether to tell you the detailed personnel review content. But also I'm not so cold because I hate you. This situation is so tragic that I will tell you a good thing. "

for the first time, Mr. chazhu smiled.

"Even if we improve our lateness or talk in private Assuming that this month's limit is zero, the number of points will neither decrease nor increase. In short, the number of points imported in the next month will also be zero. On the other hand, no matter how late or absent it is, it's OK. What about? Remember, but there will be no loss. "

" well "

Hirata's expression became more gloomy. Some students don't seem to understand the meaning of it, but this kind of explanation almost causes the opposite effect. To improve students who are late or have a private conversation will weaken their determination. This is teacher chazhu's No, is it the purpose of the school?

Before he had finished speaking, the bell rang to announce the end of the meeting.

"It seems that chatting is too long. Do you know all about it? It's almost time to get to the point. "

the teacher takes out the thick white paper from the poster tube on his hand, spreads it out, and then pastes it on the blackboard, which is fixed by magnet. The students were not even able to understand, so they were at a loss and stared at the paper.

"This is Grade of each class? "

horibai, though dubious, explained the same. Probably.

There are names of classes a to D on it, with up to three digits on the side.

Class D is zero, class C is 490, class B is 650. Then the highest number is 940 in class A. If these represent points, a thousand points should be equivalent to a hundred thousand yuan. All classes are down in value.

"Hey, don't you think it's strange? "

" yes The numbers are a little too neat. "

horibai and I noticed something strange in the posted scores.

"You've spent your free time in school this month. The school does not intend to deny it. Whether you are late or chatting in private, the final retribution will all come back to you. It's just like this. The same is true of the use of points. There are no restrictions on how to use what you get. "

" this is too much! I can't live like this! "

the pool who has been listening to the words silently so far shouted.

Even the mountains were howling in great pain. Because that guy's credit balance is zero

"Look at it, fools. Points have been collected into all classes except class D, and are more than enough for a month's life. "

" why there are still points in other classes? It's strange "

" first of all, the school has no injustice at all. During the month, all classes were graded according to the same rules. However, there is such a gap in the number of points. This is the reality. "

" why Will the number of points in the class be so different? "

Hirata also noticed the mystery hidden on the pasted paper. The gap in points is too neat.

"Do you gradually understand why you were chosen to class D? Why are we selected to class D? Isn't it divided randomly? "

" eh? Is that what we usually call division? "

students and friends look at each other.

"This school is divided into classes according to the students' excellent order. The best students go to class A, the useless students to class D. This system is also common in large group cram schools. In short, class D is the last fortress where the crane tail is gathered. All in all, you are the worst defective products. It's also like the end of defective products. "

horibai's expression froze. She must have been hit by the reason of division.

It's really better to put the excellent people in the excellent boxes and the useless people in the useless boxes. Rotten oranges sometimes corrupt healthy ones. It's also inevitable that a good Horiba will hold antipathy.

But I think it might be better. Because it won't go down any more.

"But it's only a month since you spit out all the points. Even in class D, you're the first one