Volume 1 Let'S Get The First Volume Together, Fail Group

From the first day of May, a week passed in a twinkling of an eye, and it came to Friday. They all listened to the teacher silently. Only Xuteng seemed to doze off without fear, but no one condemned him. Everyone seems to be judging that since we haven't found a way to add points, we can't correct it.

Even so, it's a fact that most of the students are more distant from Xuteng day by day.

…… I feel a little sleepy, too. It's lunchtime after this class. It's been a tough time. I watched the film on the Internet yesterday, but I stayed up late. If I sleep like this, I think it will be very comfortable

"Whoa! "

just as I was nodding sleepily, a strong pain came from my right arm.

"Aya path, why do you shout all of a sudden. Rebellious period? "

" no, No. Tea column teacher, I'm sorry. A little dust ran into my eyes "

it is difficult to judge whether the shouting just now will be regarded as a private conversation. However, the students who became sensitive to the number of points, however, came to me with a view of reprimand. As I stroked the tingling part, I glared at my classmates next door. Horie north only moved his eyes to my side, holding a compass in his hand.

She's crazy. Why does she always have compasses? I don't think it's used in high school. As soon as the class was over, I went to press him.

"Some things can be done, but some things can't be done! Compasses are dangerous! Are you angry with me? I have a hole in my arm! "

" what do you mean? When did I prick you with a compass? "

" no, don't you have the weapon in your hand? "

" is it because I hold it in my hand that you conclude it's me? "

although I'm awake, I can't go to class because of the pain.

"Be careful. If you are found dozing off, there is no doubt that the class will be deducted. "

in order to get rid of class D, horibai has started to take action. The protest against the school must have been in vain. Ah - it hurts. Damn it, if Horie is going to doze off next time, I must revenge.

When the students were going to leave for dinner, Hirata spoke.

"The exam that tea column teacher said is coming. I think the whole class knows that if they fail in the exam, they will be dropped out immediately. So I'd like to recruit participants for a Book Club. "

it seems that the heroes of class D are planning to do this kind of charity.

"If you don't study hard and fail in the exam, you must drop out in a flash. This is the only thing I hope to avoid. Moreover, reading can not only avoid dropping out of school, but also may involve an increase in the number of points. If the class keeps high marks, the review results should be better. Several students with good scores have tried to prepare for the exam. So, I hope the restless people can come to our reading party. Of course, no matter who it is, we are very welcome. "

Hirata looked into Xuteng's eyes, and said softly.

"…… Click. "

Xuteng should not open his eyes immediately and close his eyes with his hands clasped to his chest.

Since he refused Hirata's offer to introduce himself on the day of admission, their relationship has been very poor.

"It's five o'clock today in this classroom. We plan to have two hours every day until the exam. If you want to join, I hope you will come at any time. Of course, it doesn't matter if you leave halfway. That's all I have to say. "

as soon as Hirata said that, several students who failed immediately left their seats and walked to him.

Among the failing group, there were three people who didn't run to Hirata right away, namely, Xuteng, Chi and shannei. Except for Xuteng, although they hesitated a little, they didn't find Hirata in the end. I'm not sure they're afraid to make Xuteng feel bad, or they just hate the popularity of Hirata.

1

"are you free at noon? Would you like to have dinner together if you can? "

as soon as he arrived at the break time, Horiba took the initiative to talk to me.

"It's really strange to be invited by you. I always feel terrible. "

" it's nothing to be afraid of. If it's good to have the mountain vegetable set meal, I can invite you, too. "

isn't that a free package

"Joking. I will treat you well. You can eat whatever you like. I still feel terrible. You're not going to have another plan, are you? "

in other words, horibai said that he wanted to invite me to dinner, which was very suspicious.

It's doubtful if I'm invited suddenly - I think horibai said that before.

"If you can't accept the kindness of others, you are not worthy of being a man. "

" that's right "

I don't have a special schedule, and it's better if I can be treated. So I went to the student restaurant with hori Bei.

I chose a special set meal with high price, then took the seat and sat down with hori Bei.

"So, I'm moving? "

horibai seems to be waiting for me to start, and he looks at me.

"What's the matter, Ling Xiaolu? Do you want to eat it? "

" Oh, yeah. "

horrible. She has absolutely no intention. It's impossible not to. Although I said so, I couldn't stop eating like this all the time, and it would be a waste if I got cold. So I carefully took a bite of coke cake.

"Then I'll go straight to the point. Can you listen to me? "

" I have a very bad premonition "

when I was ready to stand up and run away, hori Bei grabbed my hand.

"Aya koji, I'll say it again. Can you listen to me? "

" good drop Since teacher chazhu gave advice, the lateness in class has indeed decreased, and even the number of private conversations has sharply decreased. It is not too much to say that most of the points deduction elements have been eliminated. "

" Yeah, and it wasn't that hard. "

although it may not last long, at least these days are far better than in the past.

"What we should do next is to carry out the strategy that can make students get higher scores in the coming exam in two weeks. It's just like the action initiated by students in Hirata. "

" book club? Um... This strategy does prevent failing. Just - "

" just what? You feel like you have something to say. Is there anything wrong with that? "

" it's OK, don't mind. But it's strange that you care about others. I can't imagine failing the exam. However, it is also true that there are some students who fail in the exam no matter what. "

" you mean them. You're still speaking as you always are. "

" I'm just telling the truth. "

this school not only stipulates that it is not allowed to leave the campus, but also prohibits all external communication. Since there is no such facility as the tutorial class, it can only be taught in extra-curricular time by students who are good at reading.

"It seems that pingtian students will be very active in the book club, so I'm relieved. However, Xuteng, Chi and Yamauchi don't seem to attend the reading club, do they? I do mind. "

" those guys, because Hirata is very distant, or it should be said that their relationship is very poor. I don't think so. "

" in other words, they are more likely to fail in this way. Then, in order to be promoted to class A, the main premise is not to be deducted, and the collection of points that can be added is also indispensable, right? I think the test scores may also be related to the bonus points. "

it's natural for students to think about how much effort they have made in the exam.

"Don't you want to hold a book club like Hirata? What's more, the purpose is to help them? "

" yes. It doesn't matter if you think so. Although you should be surprised. "

" after reading your attitude so far, it's not surprising. "

I'm not surprised, though. She should do this for herself after all, and I personally don't think horibai is a particularly ruthless person.

"I understand your idea of entering class A. However, to be honest, I don't think it's feasible to teach them to study by ordinary means. Most of the students who fail in the exam hate reading more than others. Besides, have you kept away from your classmates since the first day? There won't be such a strange guy who wants to gather around people who don't need friends. "

" so I'm going to talk to you? Thanks for being close to them, right? "

" what Hello, don't you think it's much easier to persuade them. Because the object is the valuable existence of friends, so you should have no problem? By the way, you take them to the library, and I'll teach you about reading. Don't talk about such a mess. Do you think that for me on the road of unimpeded life, I can do this kind of behavior that even the victory group will turn white? "

" this is not a problem that cannot be solved. You just have to do it. "

am I your dog or something?

"Horibei, it's your freedom to aim at class A, but don't involve me. "

" did you eat my lunch? The special set meal is really luxurious. It's wonderful. "

" I just frankly accepted the kindness of others. It's a pity that "

" but this is not "good intention", but "no intention". "

" I haven't heard of it at all Well, then I'll ask you to count the same thing, so it's offset. "

" I think I'm not down to treat, so I refuse. "

" now may be the first time I'm angry with you "

" so what are you going to do? Help me? Or against me? "

" it's like you put a gun on my forehead and threatened me to do it "

" is not "as if", in fact, it is a threat. "

is this what Horiba calls" the power of violence "? It's really efficient.

Alas It doesn't matter if it's just to help convene Right?

Because horibei didn't make friends, in fact he should be the worst at this kind of thing.

Besides, Xuteng and Chi are also friends that I finally made. I don't want them to be dropped out of school all of a sudden.

When I was hesitating about what to do, horibai said to me: "you colluded with my classmates and lied about calling me out, but I'm not going to forgive you. "

" don't you mean you won't blame it? It's too cunning to turn over the old accounts until now. "

" that's for CTTB. I don't remember that I have