Volume 1 Gentlemen, I'Sve Been Waiting For You

"Good morning in the mountain! "Good morning, Chi!"! "

as soon as I arrived in the classroom, I saw Chi greet the mountain with a big smile.

It's strange that these two people arrived at school so early. It has been a week since the entrance ceremony. Chi and shannei are late for school almost every day. Only today is very early.

"Oh, I'm so looking forward to today's class that I can't sleep at all. Ha ha ha, this school is really wonderful. I didn't expect there would be swimming lessons from this season. When it comes to swimming lessons, it's girls! When it comes to girls, they are school swimsuits! "

swimming courses are really co organized by men and women. In other words, we will see the school swimsuits of horibai, KuoDa and many other girls And naked skin. It's just that Chi and the mountain make too much trouble, which causes some girls' antipathy.

In other words, I can't go on sitting alone like this forever. They need to be actively involved. After watching the situation several times, fortunately, the dialogue between the three of them has been interrupted. Think the opportunity is me now, stand up. However...

"Hello, Dr." & "12316; come here for a while;" br >

"call me? "

the fat student nicknamed" doctor "leaned over.

It seems that the name is from waicun or something.

"Doctor, will you keep a good record of girls' swimsuits? "Give it to me. I'm going to do the internship under the excuse of physical discomfort. "

" record? What are you going to let him do? "

" let the doctor make the list of girls with big breasts in the class. Also, if you have a chance, take photos with your mobile phone. "

"…… Hello, hello. "

Xuteng also did not agree with the purpose of the pool. This kind of thing would be serious if girls knew it. But let alone the content, I envy this kind of dialogue between friends. That's nice, friend. I also want friends.

"How sad. "

"…… Here you are, horibai. "

" just a few minutes ago. You seem to be reluctant to look at the boy, so you didn't notice me. If you want friends, why don't you try to talk to them? "

" don't worry about me. I don't have to worry if I can do it. "

" in my opinion, you obviously don't have any communication obstacles. I have many difficulties. Alas... All I can talk to now is horibai. "

although they chat with the pool in the chat room, they still can't have a good conversation.

"Hello I'll say it again. Don't count me as your friend! "

horibei showed his disgust from the bottom of his heart and kept a distance with me.

"No problem. No matter how depressed I am, I won't have that idea. "

" right? Then I'm a little relieved. "

how annoying this guy really is.

"Hello - Aya path. "

My name suddenly appeared in the mouth of the pool. I looked up and saw him smiling and waving to me.

"What What's up? "

I stuttered and stood up. By this time, horibai had lost interest in me.

All in all, the chance to enter their group suddenly came. I gradually approached the pool.

"Actually, now we are trying to bet on the size of girls' breasts. "

" there are also odds tables. Dr. "

took out the tablet and opened the excel file.

The names of all the girls in the class are listed above, along with the odds. To be honest, I'm not interested in gambling at all, but I can't just lose the chance to make friends.

"Er Then I'll take part. "

" Oh! Come on, come on! "

at present, the first breast candidate is" Long Valley ". The odds are 1.8 times.

But here are almost all the names I haven't heard. I don't even remember the names of my classmates. It's useless.

"Is this better than you think You've observed it too carefully. Because we are men. The head is always full of chest or ass! "

even if it's true, it's too explicit to say it directly.

By the way, the group with the highest odds has the name of horibei. You can win more than 30 times as long as you bet right.

Generally speaking, the chest is judged by appearance, so horibai probably won't win.

"How is it? We bet a thousand. "

" well "

due to lack of information, even if the list, let alone the chest size, I can't even match their names and looks.

Because in fact, I hardly talked to girls outside horibai and ctian.

Ctenoptera's chest seems to be full, though it is not enough to compete for the first place.

"What's wrong with just playing? Too few people are boring. "

" I'll play, too. "I want it, too. "Don't look down on my milk detector. "

during my consideration, boys gathered noisily to discuss the size of girls' breasts. Some of the girls in the classroom look at them with contempt even more like seeing filth.

"I'll bet, too. By the way, I want to bet on Sakura. "

said the mountain crowd between us. Speaking of zuocang, she is a simple girl with glasses. Because I hardly spoke to anyone, to be honest, I hardly knew her at all.

As if something had come to mind in the mountain, he began to whisper with the doctor and chi.

"I only want to tell you about this. In fact, I was confessed by Zuo Cang. "

" what? Really, really! "

the most surprising and anxious thing is the pool. Has he failed in his goal of first delivering his girlfriend in class?

"Really. But keep it secret! Although that kind of inconspicuous girl, of course, I dumped her. At that time, I saw her in plain clothes. It's full of big ones. "

" stupid. Even if it's not cute, but if it's mammoth, shouldn't we have intercourse? "

" I don't want it if it's not of ctenophore or long valley level. I'm not interested in that kind of native girl. "

because I'm not here, I'm not polite in the mountain.

It's also doubtful how much you can believe that you've been advertised.

As a result, I didn't make a decision, so I gambled casually on a girl who was ranked in the previous section.

1

"OK! It's a swimming pool! "

at the end of the lunch break, their long-awaited swimming class finally came.

The pool stood up cheerfully and set off in droves for the indoor swimming pool. I'll follow them quietly, too. And just when I think so --

"let's go, Aya path. "

" eh? Ok... Good. "

for Chi's invitation, although I was a little hesitant back, I ran to meet them and went to the dressing room.

In order to change clothes quickly, Xuteng began to take off his uniform. And show the body thoroughly trained by basketball. Compared with other students, his excellent physique is obviously better.

Instead of students with bath towels around their waists, Xuteng wore only one pair of underpants. Then, naked, and out of the bag out of the swim trunks. I can't help talking to him about this attitude.

"Xuteng, you are so bright. Don't you care about the eyes around you? "

" how can a sportsman change his clothes. If you sneak around, it will become the focus of attention. "

that seems to make sense. Generally, the guy who steals on such occasions will be teased.

"I'll go first. "

Xuteng walked out of the dressing room in a flash. I'll get dressed soon, too.

"Whoa! This school is really great! Isn't it better than the swimming pool on the street? "

when I saw the 50 meter swimming pool in the swimming pool with racing trunks, I immediately expressed my feelings.

The water is clear and clean, and it will not be affected by the weather indoors. It's a really outstanding environment.

"And the girls? Girls are not good yet? "

chi sang songs with his nose while looking for girls.

"It takes time to change clothes, so it's not good. Hello, what if I broke into the girls' dressing room uncontrollably? "

" in addition to being surrounded by girls, they should also be dropped out of school and sent to the prosecution for investigation. "

"…… Don't make such a real noise. "

chi seems to be afraid of imagining, so he shivers.

"If you care too much about swimsuits, you will be hated by girls. "

" are there boys who don't care What should I do if I stand up "

from that moment until the day of graduation, Chi must have been hated by girls.

Eh? Do I seem to be talking to them naturally?

By the time I found out, I had joined a group that I wanted to join this morning but couldn't. Maybe I'm experiencing the moment when my friend was born.

"Wow, it's so wide. It's bigger than the swimming pool in junior high school." "

it's a few minutes later for the boys, and the girls' voices are heard.

"Yes, yes! "

the pool is in a good position. I've told you that it would be annoying to be so explicit.

Even so, in fact, I also care. For example, there are changgubu, Zhitian, and horibai.

Especially the rumored largest long valley in the chest. Let me see that I won't suffer a loss once.

However, the wishes of all our boys and students are betrayed by unexpected forms.

"Long Valley is not here! What's the matter! Doctor! "

the doctor of the internship course looks flustered and looks at the panorama from the second floor of the internship building.

From a height, and with his small eyes behind his glasses, they should be able to instantly find out what they missed.

However - she can't be caught anywhere.

The doctor wiggled his head from side to side, as if to tell the truth that he could not accept. Are you still changing clothes? Or

"After Back! Doctor! "

" MMM! "

chi pointed and shouted, and the situation became clear. Nagaku and the doctor are also interns.

Girls poured out one after another, each of them appeared on the second floor as a trainee group. There is also the figure of Zuo Cang.

"Why What's the matter! "

a pool is like seeing something unbelievable and collapsing on the spot.

It seems that nagaku is a girl who is conscious of her beauty. In addition, she is far away from the boy's curious eyes. It's no surprise that you choose to intern.

"I thought I thought I could see giant breasts Giant milk! "

although I can understand Chi's mood very well, it's a pity that his shout even