Volume 1 Begins

The moment tea column teacher stepped into the classroom, he was surprised to see the students. The students held their breath and waited for the results of the mid-term exam to be announced, which filled the classroom with an extraordinary atmosphere.

"Teacher, I heard that the exam results will be announced today. When is it, please? "

" Hirata, you don't need to be so excited, do you? That level of examination should be easy. "

"…… When is it, please? "

" you can be happy. I'm going to announce it now. Because if we talk after school, we will not be able to catch up with all kinds of formalities. "

" this is What do you mean? Don't worry, I'll announce it now. "

just like before, this school will sort out the details and inform the students again.

The teacher pasted a large piece of white paper with the student's name and score on the blackboard.

"To be honest, I admire it. I didn't expect you to get such a high score. Mathematics, Chinese and social achievements are ranked first, that is to say, the number of people who get the full score is more than 10. "

the number of one hundred was arranged on the paper, and the students all cheered. But some students didn't smile. Because only Xuteng's English is the most important.

Then -

the test result form posted on the blackboard It shows that Xuteng has about 60 points in four of the five subjects, and scores are quite high. The most important English score is 39.

"Yes! "

Xuteng can't help standing up and shouting. They also stood up happily in the pool and the mountain.

There's no red line for failing. Ctenoptera and I looked at each other, relieved. North of... Although her expression did not show a smile or joy, it seemed that she was relieved.

"Teacher, you see it! When we should be serious, we will be serious! "

chi shows a complacent expression.

"Yes, I admit you really tried. But - "

teazhu picked up the red pen.

"Ah? "

the voice of stupor came from the mouth of Xuteng.

A red line was drawn on his name.

"What What ah? What's the matter? Xu Teng, you failed in the exam. "

" what? Are you a liar? Less nonsense, why I failed! "

the first to refute teacher chazhu's advice is, of course, Xuteng.

Xuteng is regarded as failing, which makes the atmosphere in the classroom change from joy to agitation.

"Sato, you failed in your English test. That is to say, that's it. "

" don't be kidding, it's 32 points for failing! I should be up to the standard! "

" it's thirty-two points for who said when he failed. "

" no, no, no, teacher, you said it! Right, everyone! "

chi also shouted in support of Xuteng.

"It's no use talking. This is an indisputable fact. The standard for failing the midterm exam is less than 40. That is to say, there is less than one point in Xuteng. What a pity. "

" four, forty! I haven't heard of it! How can I accept it! In this case, I'll tell you the criteria for failing in this school. "

tea column teacher wrote a simple formula on the blackboard.

It says - 79.6 ÷ 2 = 39.8.

"Last time and this time, the failure criteria were set by each class separately. And its algorithm is the average score divided by two. So I have to score above the answer. "

in other words, below 39.08, you will be judged as failing.

"That proves that you failed. Above. "

" this is a lie That is to say I... Am I going to be dropped out of school? Although this period is short, it's hard for you. After school, you should apply for dropping out of school. At that time, you should also be accompanied by your guardian. I'll get in touch later. "

the teacher calmly reported. When the students saw the teacher like this, they finally began to realize that it was true.

"The rest of the students did well. There is no doubt that they have passed. Avoid failing the final exam next time. You need to work hard. Then, the next thing -- "

" old teacher. Is Xuteng really going to be dropped out of school? Is there a remedy? "

the first person to worry about Wisteria is Hirata.

Although Xuteng hated him, he also said rude words to him.

"That's the truth. As long as you fail in the exam, that's all. Xuteng will be dropped out of school. "

"…… Can you show me the answer book of Xuteng? "

" even if you read it, there is no place to correct it! Well, I had expected a protest. "

the teacher seems to have brought the answer paper of Xuteng in English. She handed the answer sheet to Hirata.

Hirata will soon be on the topic. However, there was a heavy expression immediately.

"No The wrong place. "

" if you have understood, then the class meeting is over here. "

without any sympathy or opportunity, Mr. chazhu mercilessly declared that Mr. Xuteng must quit school. They also know that consolation can cause adverse effects, so they can't say anything. On this point, they are the same in Hirata. It's sad that some students feel relieved. This should be their joy that the burden of the class can disappear.

"Xuteng, come to the teacher's office after school. That's it. "

"…… Tea column teacher, can I ask you some more questions? "

to date, horibai, who remains silent, quickly raises his slender arm.

Horie North in the campus life so far, has never taken the initiative to speak.

For such an unusual situation, led by tea column teacher, the whole class gave a exclamation.

"Horibai, it's really rare. You raise your hand to ask. What's up? "

" teacher, you just said that if you didn't get 32 points in the last exam, you would be disqualified. And this is based on the formula. Is there no difference between this and the last calculation? "

" yes, there is no difference. "

" then there is a doubt. I calculated that the average score of the last exam was 64.4. Divide it by two, it's 32.2. In other words, it's over thirty-two. Even if the score is still less than 32, it means that the decimal point has been dropped. This is in contradiction with this algorithm. "

" yes. If according to the rules of the last time, the midterm exam is not passed before 39 points! "

that is to say, if you get 39 points in the exam, you can avoid failing in the exam.

"I see. You seem to expect that the score of Xuteng will be very dangerous, so it's only English that gets so low. "

" horibai, you "

Xuteng seems to notice something. Then, like suddenly realizing something, other students also looked at the paper posted on the blackboard and found out about it. Although four of horibai's five subjects have full marks, only English has an extremely low score of 51. This is obviously unusual.

"You shouldn't be --"

it seems that Xuteng also noticed.

It's not so much "maybe" as "definitely". Horie North in order to reduce the average score of English as much as possible, and their performance to decline.

"If you think my idea is wrong, please tell me the reason why the calculation method last time was different from this time. "

a light of dawn suddenly fell in front of us. This is the last hope.

"Well. Well, I'll explain it in more detail. Unfortunately, there is a mistake in your calculation. When calculating the failing standard, the decimal point will be rounded. So the last exam was 32, and this time it was 40. That's the answer. "

"…… "

" you should also find that the decimal point below will be rounded. You should believe in this possibility before you come up with an opinion But I'm sorry. The first class is about to start. I have to go. "

horibai lost his means of chasing the" behind the scenes "and fell into silence. There is no contradiction in what Mr. chazhu said. In the end, the means are gone. When the door of the classroom slammed shut, the classroom was shrouded in silence.

Although he was at a loss about the fact that he dropped out of school, he still looked at horibai, who had lowered his score in order to rescue him - horibai, who wanted to stop him from dropping out of school anyway and reduce his score to the limit.

"…… I'm sorry. I should lower my score to the minimum. "

horibai said that briefly, and then he sat down slowly.

However, for horibai, 51 is a pretty low score.

If it drops to 40, the worst is that she is at risk of dropping out of school.

"Why Don't you say you hate me? "

" I just act for myself. Don't get me wrong. Although in the end, I was busy for nothing. "

I got up slowly.

"Where are you going, Aya path! "

" toilet "

when I finished, I walked out of the classroom and walked quickly to the teacher's office. Tea column teacher should have returned to the office. Although I think so, I went to the first floor and saw teacher chazhu standing in the corridor staring out of the window. It's like waiting for someone.

"It's Ling alley. What's the matter? Class is about to begin. Teacher, can I ask you a question? "

"…… Question? That's what you're after. "

" I have something to ask you. "

" after horibai, I didn't expect that even you had questions to ask. What do you want to ask? Do you think Japan and this society are equal now? "

" this topic is really unexpected. Why do you ask this all of a sudden? What's the point of asking me to answer this? "

" this is a very important thing. Can you answer me? In my opinion, the world is certainly not equal at all. Yes, I think equality is just a lie. "

" have you followed up to ask such a question? If that's all, I'm going to go. "

" teacher, you announced a change in the scope of the examination a week ago. That's what you said - "I forgot to tell you.". It's a fact. In fact, we didn't receive the notice until a week later than other classes. "

" I said it in the teacher's office. What's wrong with that? "

" our examination questions are the same, the scores will also be reflected in the points, and also bear the crisis of dropping out. Nevertheless, class D was forced to take the exam under unequal conditions. "

" in other words, can't you accept this? But this is a good example. This is the epitome of unequal society. No matter how biased they are, the society is indeed unequal. However, we