CAN’T FEAR YOUR OWN WORLD Part 1 Full Translation

“Do not seek aesthetics​ in waging war.


Do not seek virtue in death.


Do not think your life is your own.


If you wish to protect the king and five heads, then you must slaughter every foe from under the shadow of the leaves.”


―― Excerpt from the old edition of the Shinō Academy’s textbook, Shinigami regulations encyclopedia.


“Do not seek aesthetics in waging war.


Do not seek virtue in death.


Do not think your life is your own.


If you wish to protect the things that are worth protecting, then cut down the enemy you ought to defeat from behind.”


―― Excerpt from the latest edition of the Shinō Academy’s textbook, Shinigami regulations encyclopedia.



Prologue 1

There was once a battle.


A great war between those who called themselves gods who govern death and those who extinguished evil spirits.


The conflict ceased in the form of losing their respective ‘kings’ by the end of this feud which spanned a thousand years.


The relationship between Shinigami and Quincy will come to hail a new era triggered by this great loss.


It is said that it was the very same person who killed both kings, he was neither Shinigami nor Quincy, but only a small fraction of people are aware of that fact.


The ringleader of the “Wandenreich”, a rebel army which invaded Soul Society, was defeated by a young Substitute Shinigami who is a guest of the Gotei 13 ―― along with the proclamation that “the Gotei 13 successfully defended the Soul King Palace”, it is only this part of the story that continues to be propagated within Soul Society.



In other words, it was decided that the very death of the "Soul King” who is the foundation of Soul Society, is something that would be permanently concealed with the aim to suppress confusion and disorder. 


Even now, many inhabitants of the Soul Society including ordinary foot soldiers, still believe they have their Soul King enshrined at the Soul King Palace.


Knowledge of the facts are limited to only a handful of Shinigami such as Captain ranks and senior officers, or those attached to important posts in the Seireitei; even they dare not expose the truth and disturb the people’s peace of mind.


From there, the revival of the Seireitei that was left utterly devastated, would begin. 


As for whether or not the decision of the higher-ups, who did not deem it acceptable to snatch away the people’s moral support, was right in the end ―― that is something that will likely be judged by history ten, or a hundred years down the line.




Ushering in the conclusion in such a way, the series of conflicts would subsequently be known as the “Protection of the Soul King Great War”.


Time goes back to the point immediately after the war had ended.





Soul King Palace main shrine - Greater Soul King Palace.



At the spot where the former Soul King was enshrined, the Palace Shinpei (Holy Soldiers) were hurriedly bustling about.


The Monk Who Calls the Real Name ―― Ichibē Hyōsube who is a member of the Zero Division, stroked his deep black beard whilst silently staring at the ‘thing’ that is at the centre of the room.


From behind, an easygoing tone of voice calls out to him.


“Oh my… so that is the new Soul King-sama? High Priest?”


When the monk turned to look over his shoulder, standing there was a man donning an eyepatch over his right eye ―― Kyōraku Shunsui.


“Dear me, you’re up and about already? Hmm, yes, as Captain Commander of the Gotei 13, it’s a matter you have no choice in.”


The monk gives his reply in combination with a cheerful smile.


Whilst confirming that Kyōraku’s lines of sight was not on himself, but rather directed towards the centre of the room where the Shinpei were working, he answered his companion’s query.


“Given that it’s you, I’m sure you know the answer already. The soul King-sama is neither new nor old. There is significance in the mere fact that what we reverently refer to as the ‘Soul King-sama’ can continue to exist here.”


“Is that what you’d call… all power being contained in names?”


With a complex expression still on his face, Kyōraku switches to honorific language and continues speaking.


“…That is why in the worst case scenario, it would have been Ichigo kun being sealed inside that 'name'”


"Isn’t it a relief that it didn’t come to that?”


The monk quite casually announces that, depending on the situation, there was also a possibility that Ichigo would become an entity called the “Soul King”. However, there is not a shred of anything akin to emotion dwelling amongst those words.


Then, with a grin that bared his teeth he spoke of Kurosaki Ichigo.


“I’m also fond of that boy. To reach a point where we would be unable to talk to him would be rather sad wouldn’t it?”


"I’m glad it didn’t turn out like that. This way I was also spared the resentment of Ichigo kun’s friends.”


“Ah, you gave them those Soul Tickets didn’t you? I assume that you’re going to keep it a secret from the Central 46 and that noble lot.”


“…Oh bother, just how far did you see through my game? High Priest.”


The status of Soul King. That is by no means a pleasant thing, on the contrary, Kyōraku had considered it one of the worst possible outcomes for Kurosaki Ichigo. 


Looking at the 'thing’ before his eyes, Kyōraku engraves it into his mind once again.


Preparing for the worst, Kyōraku handed out special spiritual tools known as “Soul Tickets” to individuals who were close to Kurosaki Ichigo in the Human World.


This is a ticket that makes it possible to freely travel back and forth between the Human World and the Soul Society, improvements have been made based on the technology that was previously used to transport the humans of Karakura Town to Soul Society in their living state, resulting in this practical substitute.


Kyōraku quietly cast down his eyes, scenes of the time he went to inform Kurosaki Ichigo’s friends of that one possibility played out in his mind, “depending on the nature of his powers, it could mean that it will become impossible for him to return to the World of the Living.”


Reacting to his statement that he hadn’t come to joke around, the young boy, despite acting the most foolish, declared with eyes filled with deep anger that “…you’re not joking, yet somehow you expect us to say goodbye so easily.”


In contrast to he who had displayed his anger for Ichigo’s sake with every fibre of his being, the black haired youth stubbornly continued to believe in Ichigo with eyes that remained calm, and then there was the girl who was more concerned about Ichigo’s family members rather than herself whilst harbouring deep anguish and fear for Ichigo’s well-being.


―― Both Sado kun and Orihime chan too, Ichigo kun is truly blessed with friends.


―― Rather, I wonder if it’s precisely because it’s Ichigo kun, that those kids are drawn to him…?


Considering the youngsters of the Human World, Kyōraku felt a sense of relief for Kurosaki Ichigo’s safety, a key player who ended this war, lifting his eyes a fraction Kyōraku addressed the monk.

“Above all, I’m glad that Ichigo is not the one being cut down by the High Priest and Co.”

With little hesitation, Kyōraku gives utterance to curious words.


Without denying nor affirming it, the High Priest clapped his bald head as he gave a light-hearted laugh.

“I’m not Yhwach after all. I can’t foresee the future and such…. Well, by all rights, Kurosaki Ichigo could not have won against that man, rather, he ought to have been defeated.”

"High Priest…”


“However, fortunately for the boy, Yhwach had completely obtained the power of the Soul King for himself, It is for this reason, even regardless of the fact that Kurosaki Ichigo had won, that the Soul Society was able to escape collapse in such a way.”


As he spoke, the monk turned towards the 'thing’ placed at the centre of the Greater Palace and brought his hands together with a clap.


Behind the monk who closed his eyes in synch with the clear sound of his hands clapping together in prayer, Kyōraku attempted to question him further.


“High Priest, is that the will of the Soul King?”


“Hmm…”


“Or…is it the 'dying wish’ of the founders of the Five Great Noble Clans?”


In a slip of the tongue, the honorific language disappears from Kyōraku’s speech, the monk then replies in a carefree manner.


“Come now, you’re not going to pay your respects to our esteemed founders? You can’t completely hide your hostility I’ll have you know. Do you also perceive Kuchiki Byakuya and Shihōin Yoruichi in such a way?”


“I have no reason to think of them like that. They are comrades of the Gotei 13, my precious friends.”


Shaking his head as he smiled wryly, Kyōraku resumes speaking with his manner of speech still thrown off balance.


“The actions of their ancestors have nothing to do with them, though on the other hand, it’s not like they can eradicate their ancestors’ sins. Am I right, High Priest?”


“That may be true, but when all is said and done, the founders of the Five Great Noble Clans no longer exist-……”


Just as the monk had gotten to that point, the sound of a dull explosion rang out across the Greater Palace.



“ ! ”


When Kyōraku turned to look in the direction of the noise, he could sense pronounced Reiatsu different from that of a Shinigami’s, coming from there.


Ahead of their sightlines, there was an area still fused with the structures of the “Wandenreich”, a section of its walls were destroyed and white smoke began to rise. 


Then, a number of figures, even whiter than the smoke emerge from the inner side of the wall.


The Shinpei, alarmed for the Greater Palace, simultaneously draw their swords and adopt a fighting stance, however the monk reined them in with his voice.


“Ah, no need to concern yourselves. These are not opponents you can defeat.”


At that point, one of the white figures that had already leapt in their direction, clicks his tongue as if dumbfounded.


“Tch… What’s that? You ain’t gonna fight?”


Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez ―― the white figure, reminiscent of a wild beast, glared at the monk and Kyōraku with a sharp look in his eyes as he landed.


“But, did you punks really think that by sheathing your swords, I would retreat just like that…”


Although Grimmjow still had his hand placed on his Zanpakutō, a small Bala (Hollow Bullet) struck the back of his head.


“Gaahh…!?”


When Grimmjow turned around in response to the shock of something striking his head, there stood the female Arrancar who turned up in the Soul Society at the same time as him, Nelliel Tu Odelschwanck, her left hand which appears to have just shot the Bala, was pointed towards him. 


“Nelliel, why you…!”


“Picking fights at a time like this? Now that the Quincy king has met his demise, it is we who are the largest foreign body in Soul Society you know.”


“So what? If you’re scared, then you might as well take that burden and escape through a Garganta at once.”


The one Grimmjow had called a 'burden’, was another female Arrancar who was being propped up on Nelliel’s left shoulder.


Tier Harribel, the Espada who held the same “Tres” title as Nelliel.



When the “Wandenreich” attacked Hueco Mundo, Harribel bore the full brunt of the battle at the front-lines ―― however,  she was incapacitated by Yhwach’s overwhelming power and ended up being taken captive as testimony to Hueco Mundo’s oppression as it stood.


Later when the Soul King Palace was being remodelled, Yhwach incorporated his own castle prison, as a result she who had become his prisoner was also brought along to this airspace in accordance with that. 


Whether it was a warning to the Arrancars, or even meant to refashion her into the Quincy vanguard, now that Yhwach is deceased, the purpose of her continued captivity has become unclear.


Nevertheless, the one thing that is for certain, is that she is still alive, and at present, freed thanks to the efforts of Nelliel and others who had arrived along with Kurosaki Ichigo’s group.


Although Nelliel had actually rescued Harribel, the new ruler of Hueco Mundo, she harboured mixed feelings at the current state of affairs.


Whilst feeling a sense of bewilderment at the fact that they who were once his subordinates, were standing in this place ahead of Aizen who desired so much to reach the Soul King Palace, Nelliel addresses Grimmjow who was aiming his hostility at the Shinigami.


“Picking fights with opponents who are exhausted by war with the Quincies? Is that your idea of a satisfying fight?”


“…Tch. What an overly optimistic thought. Do you really think these Shinigami assholes would just let us go anyhow? I don’t wanna get slashed up from behind the moment we turn to leave.”


The one who responded to that, was the good-natured old mad with the jet black beard and a bald head.


“Heavens, seeing as it’s you lot, we’ll turn a blind eye to you all you like. Or If you wish, it would be no trouble escorting you up to Hueco Mundo.”


“…Huh? And just who the heck are you? You’ve made a grave mistake underestimating us.”


They, in their injured state, did not even pose a threat.


Interpreting the remark in that way, Grimmjow glares at the bald-headed old man after his whole body had filled with a thirst for blood.


However, the opponent in question replied in an unfazed manner whilst easily brushing aside that thirst for blood.


“On the contrary, the opposite is true. After all, the lot of you are a far greater source of calamity than the Hollow than can be found here and there, regardless of whether you are purified or exterminated, if one was to heedlessly do so under the current circumstances, then the equilibrium of the three realms of existence would be sure to collapse.”


“……”


Grimmjow was silent for a brief moment, but perhaps reaching an understanding in his own mind, he brings his bloodlust under control as he gave a click of his tongue.


When it came to him, it’s likely he wanted to waste no time in settling things with Kurosaki Ichigo rather than idle about in a place like this.


Guessing as much, Nelliel considered that when push comes to shove, she would silence him by launching a surprise attack and then drag him back to Hueco Mundo ―― suddenly, Harribel who was being lent her shoulder, opened her mouth to speak.


“…Is that… what you call the 'Soul King’?”


Whisper-like words which could even be taken as a soliloquy.


Her gaze was directed towards the thing behind the Shinigami, being enshrined at the centre of the palace.

“…Such a thing, is the foundation of Soul Society…?”


“Hrmm, Miss Arrancar. Are you not able to tolerate something like this either way?”


In response to the words of the bald-headed man who stroked his beard while questioning her, Harribel slowly shakes her head.


“…Right now, I am merely a defeated soldier. I am not entitled to say anything. But, the man who was once our leader, I understand why he would continue to detest that thing.”


Separating herself from Nelliel’s shoulder, Harribel turns on her own feet so her back is to the Shinigami .


“Sorry for having inconvenienced you…. Someday, we will repay this debt.”



“Oh, never mind about all that. For us, it’s enough if you can keep things quiet in Hueco Mundo. Moreover, if you want to express your gratitude, you ought to say it to Kurosaki Ichigo kun, not us.”


Kyōraku said this whilst showing the Arrancars out, and thus they left the Greater Palace area as is.


“Ah, that’s right… I have to repay a debt to that Kurosaki bastard” the male Arrancar could be heard muttering, though he was speaking of a different kind of 'debt’ to the one Harribel had mentioned earlier; upon hearing that, the female Arrancar with the ram’s horns rebuked him in the same fashion as before saying “is it really your wish to settle things with Ichigo when he’s riddled with wounds?”


“Oh my, Ichigo kun has a wide circle of acquaintances doesn’t he…. Huh?”


To the side of Kyōraku who had mumbled this, the monk was also heading outside the Greater Palace.


“Where are you going, High Priest?”


“No need to worry, I’m merely going to take a moment to wake up the Zero Division.”



The Zero Division.


Consisting of five members including the High Priest, they are the elite guardians belonging to The Royal Guard said to be comparable to the entire force of the Gotei 13.


Each member is a pioneer who has created such things as the Zanpakutō or the Shihakushō, which can even be described as the very foundations of the modern day Shinigami, perhaps it could be said that these are the great men and women who built up the history of the Shinigami, from zero.


However, while making his way here, Kyōraku had heard that the Zero Division, excluding the monk, had died by the hand of Yhwach and his subordinates.


Kyōraku felt a sense of puzzlement at the choice of words that is “wake up”, but the answer soon came spilling out from the monk’s mouth.


“It’s not the case that our own flesh and blood was converted into the Ōken just for show you know? The Spiritual Pulse¹ that surrounds the Zeroban Riden* which all of us were given, is almost fused with the individual Reiryoku of each Squad Zero member. As long as the Zeroban Riden are not completely destroyed, they can be revived to the point of being up and about again, if I call their names.” (TN: Zeroban Riden are the separate palaces/estates of the Zero Division members)


“In that case, it would have been truly inconvenient if Ichigo kun was not victorious, don’t you agree, High Priest?”


At one point, the Soul King Palace was reworked to “Wahrwelt” by Yhwach.


If Yhwach was alive and well, the last vestiges of the Soul King Palace would have disappeared before long, and with the exception of the monk, Squad Zero may have ended up quite literally annihilated.


“No matter, the Zero Division do not die so easily, I won’t let them die. Such is their fate. Well, at any rate, I must have Ōetsu and the others work harder from now on.”


Speaking in an easygoing manner that was not dissimilar to Kyōraku on normal days, the monk then paused for a brief moment, he stroked his beard several times whilst raising his eyes to the sky of the Soul King Palace.


“Because there also seems to be a certain child who has taken advantage of this war, to cause a little mischief.”




About one hour later - Soul King Palace - Hōōden


“…Oh. Man I’m up the creek yo.”


Nimaiya Ōetsu had only just managed to return from the boundary of life and death thanks to the efforts of the monk.


In a deeper underground level of the Hōōden, he was melodramatically tearing his hair out within a storehouse for swords which would usually exist at the bottom of the sea that extends around his Zero Riden.


What is projected into his eyes through a pair of glasses, is a demolished iron door, and the remains of cloth and Shimenawa rope which had been cut up into pieces.


Under normal circumstances, there would have been a certain Zanpakutō sealed there.


However, the seal had been pitilessly destroyed and the Zanpakutō in question had disappeared without a trace.


After observing the state of affairs, a young girl who was standing to the side of Ōetsu —— Hiuchigashima Mera, a Zanpakutō spirit who is also one of Nimaiya’s bodyguards —— released a heavy sigh.


“So this is what happened while master was beaten down after getting carried away with the excitement. Jeez.”


This storehouse for swords is usually kept deep in the sea and is thus a difficult place to reach, but since it dried up when forging Kurosaki Ichigo’s Zanpakutō, the floor of the sea was now widely exposed.


“We’re in the middle of an emergency situation, and still these messy conditions just had to be piled on top huh.”


Saying that, Ōetsu corrected the position of his glasses as he eyed the surroundings.


Several men were collapsed about the place, they were currently undergoing revival by all members of Ōetsu’s guard headed by Tonokawa Tokie and Nomino Nonomi.


The ones who fell, are those who were in charge of safeguarding the sword vault.


“After all, the sea became an open door after it dried up, and both I and Sayafushi were out too y'know.”


Ōetsu then narrows his eyes.


The kind of emotion in his eyes is different to the time he had a confrontation with Yhwach and the others —— they were enshrouded in a subdued anger.


“And most importantly… I’d never have guessed that some low-life would take advantage of the emergency situation in Soul Society to pull off a heist.”


Among the Zanpakutō that had taken on a humanoid form, there were strange aspects to their injuries despite the fact that each one of them is relatively skilled.


There were those who received burns, those who had parts of their bodies frozen, those who continued to convulse as if they had been electrocuted, those who appear to have been exposed to poison, those who had holes pierced all over their bodies, and even those who seemed to have had their limbs crushed with a blunt instrument.


Watching the guards who were covered in a number of unique 'sword wounds’ that can only be caused by Zanpakutō, Mera clicks her tongue.


“Damn, just how many people did it take to pull off a stunt like this? If they have such military force, then they should have sent them our way to assist in the war.”


Then, one of Zanpakutō who had regained his consciousness, shook his head at Mera’s words.


“It’s not like that…”


“Hey, are you okay? …It’s not like that you say? What do you mean?”


“They were alone…when they attacked this place…it was just one person….”


“……?”


Mera inclines her head further at the words of the other.


Assuming that his words were the truth, the various types of scars were incomprehensible.


However, Ōetsu exhibited a different reaction.


Narrowing his eyes behind his tinted glasses in a smiling expression, Ōetsu spread both arms apart and gave a firm nod as if to say he was completely satisfied.


“I see, I see, well, well, well. I got it, so that’s the way it is huh?" 


"This gives me the creeps in more senses than one, don’t go keeping your insight to yourself master.”


“So demanding Mera chan. Well, through our talk just now, I’ve more or less dug up the crook ya hear.”


After a brief moment of contemplation, Ōetsu picked up a piece of the seal cloth that lay strewn about the floor as he calls to mind a certain character.


Now, whilst gazing at the cloth which looked as if it had been bitten off by something, he mutters to himself.


“No sword should be handled by small fry… but "Ikomikidomoe”² ain’t a sword that can be handled by small fry in the first place.”


Whispering the name of the Zanpakutō that had gone missing, Ōetsu glares at the empty space with eyes clouded by a slight sadness and anger as a swordsmith, and also heavy doubt.


“If that’s the case, I wonder who you have in mind to wield it yo? …Noble of the Four Great Houses.”




And so, with the conclusion of the war, the containment barrier of the Soul King Palace was closed off once again.


The influence of the “Soul King” that remains as unchanged as before, and the frozen atmosphere would make one feel the vestiges of war.


Moreover, some live coals of a disaster.


Or is it —— 


The various 'sins’ which have lived on since the dawn of Soul Society, drifting aimlessly within its pronounced Reishi.




Prologue 2


In Soul Society, there is a man.


Looking up to the Shinigami who once saved his life, this man also aimed himself down the same path.


That man, despite being a commoner from the Rukongai, achieved excellence at the Shinō Academy and ascended to the position of Vice Captain after becoming a seated member.


Righteous, faithful to orders, willing to risk injury in order to save his comrades, even going as far as to stake his own life for the sake of Soul Society.


What’s more, he is possessed of a ruthlessness in dealing with hostiles, and although he prefers to play fair, when it’s for the sake of justice he is a man capable of lurking in the mud and utterly slaughtering the enemy in a surprise attack.


Shinigami.


He is one that grants death to his enemy.


He is one that purifies death from the world.


And, he is one who transforms the 'deaths’ of those residing in the Human World, into 'salvation’.


Evidently, one might call it the “template” of a Shinigami in Soul Society.


For better or worse, he was a man that embodied 'the unique quality of a Shinigami of the Gotei 13’.



The name of that Shinigami, Hisagi Shūhei.


His position as Vice Captain of Squad 9 is enough to go down in Soul Society’s records; a formidable warrior who clearly draws a line between himself and ordinary foot soldiers.


However, even if he remained in Soul Society’s records, there is a clear wall between himself and those who remained in everyone’s memories such as Yamamoto Shigekuni Genryusai, Zaraki Kenpachi and Kurosaki Ichigo.


Taking such aspects into account, he was described by those around him as “being typical of a Vice Captain”.


Whether that assessment could be taken as words of praise, or ridicule, Hisagi Shūhei himself will never know.


Nevertheless, he would likely never change his way of life even if he did know.


Because he has already chosen a way of life for himself.


Was it when his life was saved by a Shinigami?


The moment he first gripped a Zanpakutō after entering the Shinō Academy?


When he lost his comrades in a training exercise?


When he encountered a man whose mode of existence was worthy of imitation for his own, thus deciding to devote his life to that man as his adjutant?



Or is it —— when he cut down that very man with his own hands?



It was not clear to anyone at which point in time he accepted the 'Shinigami’ way of life.


Perhaps, not even to Hisagi Shūhei himself who continues to walk down this road.




Seireitei - In front of the 1st Division Barracks


“Well then, do you have any last words?”


The Captain Commander’s remark calmly echoes around the criminal.


A few days after the conclusion of the war against the Quincies.


Although the removal of the mysterious bird-like creatures that came raining down on Seireitei had also been completed, and the stench of death has faded considerably from the surroundings —— the threads of tension which remained as unchanged as it was during the course of the war, is currently spreading around the front of the 1st Division barracks.


Around Kyōraku, the Captain Commander, are members of the Punishment Force who manage “Muken” which is the lowest level of the underground prison, as well as the captain rank Shinigami who have been deployed as a contingency measure.


The man accused of high treason who was temporarily released from “Muken”, Aizen Sōsuke, is to be reincarcerated.


As it currently stands, many shinigami have passed away as a result of battle against the Quincy, and the majority of those who had made it to safety were still in the midst of receiving medical treatment.


Thanks to the assistance of Inoue Orihime, many shinigami who were between the threshold of life and death were able to hold onto their lives, however the power of her “Sōten Kisshun” is not suited to the recovery of lost Reiatsu. Even though wounds can be made to heal, if they are completely cured up to the point of their original Reiatsu, the lives of the other patients as well as Orihime’s endurance itself would hang in the balance.


Consequently, Orihime was put in charge of critically ill patients who were at a level where they could not be handled by anyone else, treatment moved forward in the form of handing over those who had gotten over the worst, into the hands of squad 4.


Even the powers of Orihime, which was able to regenerate an Arrancar who had the upper half of their body blown off, has its limits.


Those who have allowed too much time to pass since receiving the fatal injury, those who have had their souls extinguished completely, and those who have not left the slightest trace of themselves in the first place, are all the likes of which Sōten Kisshun is helpless against.


After the mass loss of life, there were also many among the Shinigami who began to lose heart to a sense of helplessness —— but even so, news of the eventual victory was enough to reinvigorate the Gotei 13 as one tenacious organisation.


Although words like “all possible measures” amounts to nothing in front of Aizen Sōsuke, they nevertheless arrive at the scene of his reimprisonment by maintaining the maximum degree of vigilance. 


Be that as it may, it is only Captain Commander Kyōraku who will ultimately enter “Muken”.


Kyōraku had asked Aizen about “last words” as a formality, but he is also well aware that allowing Aizen to talk so heedlessly is dangerous in itself. Even in his present condition where he is restrained to a chair and various parts of his body sealed, he is still able to exercise Kidō, after all, even the very 'words’ that comes out of his mouth could end up being one of his schemes.


Despite having asked the question himself, Kyōraku considered that he would have to seal Aizen’s voice soon in the event that he brings up something disturbing, however, as if sensing that very scenario, Aizen shook his head whilst flashing a daring smile.


“Regrettably, there is no one here worth bequeathing my words to. That even includes you, Kyōraku Shunsui.”


“Glad to hear it. That which has worth to you, is only misfortune to others.”


“Though, I wanted to talk to Kurosaki Ichigo a little more. I suppose Urahara Kisuke is too mistrusting of me?”


Ichigo is currently staying at the residence of Shiba Kūkaku in the Rukongai together with his father Kurosaki Isshin as well as Inoue Orihime and the others.


Taking his fighting power into account, Ichigo probably should have been at the scene of Aizen’s sealing, however his absence was a precautionary measure taken against Aizen who could potentially influence the likes of the hollow inside Ichigo somehow or other.


“Because Ichigo kun is by nature an outsider huh? Besides, if you do have something to tell him, it’s already been made an end of don’t you think?”


Speaking as if he were dodging the subject and adjusting his conical hat, Kyōraku looked down at Aizen with his intact left eye.


Although​ the seals have become more powerful than before thanks to the efforts of Urahara Kisuke, he still had no intention of letting his guard down. Kurotsuchi Mayuri who had just emerged from his life-saving device, attempted to manufacture a new set of physical restraints himself saying “can the so-called countermeasures of Urahara Kisuke be trusted?”, but there was no time to wait around for that.


“Well then, shall we go? After you’ve finished your prison sentence, I pray that you are an ally of the Soul Society.”


“You express a sentiment that is foreign to your heart.”


Donning a smile as if he could see right through everything, Aizen crafts his words without so much as looking at Kyōraku.


“At any rate, do you really believe the soul society will continue to exist up until the completion of my prison term?”


“Of course. It’s our duty to keep it going after all.”


“You saw it at the Soul King Palace too did you not? The original sin of this very Soul Society.”


“……”


Strangely, Aizen spoke with the same manner of verbal expression as his former subordinate Harribel.


Kyōraku understands.


What Aizen speaks of, is the thing he observed within the Greater Palace area of the Soul King Palace


However, he didn’t dare to respond to Aizen’s words, it remained like that as he lead the way to the entrance of Muken.


Even if he was to give an answer to Aizen’s question, it was just a matter of deciding that it should be done after finally arriving at a place where the voices of the other captains would no longer reach them, and that place is in the depths of Muken.


Aizen himself did not expect an answer either, but as if reading the mind of Kyōraku, or perhaps the surrounding Shinigami, he utters a sarcastic remark.

“I didn’t take you for a man of few words. Are you afraid that a conversation with me will inspire treachery among the Shinigami? Like Tōsen Kaname perhaps?”

Then, in the next instant, a voice filled with anger echoed across to the front of the 1st Division barracks.


“You’re full of shit!”



The one who raised his voice in anger, was not Kyōraku.


It was a Shinigami who was short of breath and appeared to have just come sprinting all the way to this spot.


A young shinigami characterised by the scars and tattoos on his face —— it is the Vice Captain of Squad 9, Hisagi Shūhei.


His bandaged body was painful to look at, it seemed as if he had just slipped out of the sanatorium of the 4th Division.


In fact, he is still in a condition that can only be described as being covered head to toe in wounds.


His body had been shot through by Lille Barro who is a member of Yhwach’s Schutzstaffel, and after taking damage to his Saketsu* (*Binding Chain) and Hakusui* (*Soul Sleep) which can also be described as the heart for a Shinigami, Hisagi found himself on the verge of death.


Nevertheless, because the power of Lille’s “X-Axis” was so acute, his body tissue, with the exception of the hole that had been pierced into him, was spared complete devastation, miraculously he had escaped death.


Although his physical wounds had at least healed after receiving medical treatment from Orihime, Hisagi could not so easily recover the Reiatsu he had lost at the time his Hakusui took damage and he had practically fallen into a comatose state for a period of several days.


In spite of the fact that he has not yet recovered completely, he had arrived before Aizen who was about to be resealed.


One of the reasons he harboured for forcing himself to rush over to this place, is to fulfill his duty as Vice Captain of Squad 9.


Hisagi’s superior, the Captain of Squad 9 Muguruma Kensei, had come to a state of apparent death after his body was zombified, he was placed inside the 12th Division’s special medical treatment capsule in order to return him to his original state.


It is precisely for this reason, even if he was barely able to move by himself, that he intended to keep a watchful eye on the scene.


And another reason —— though this was his subconscious​ mind, it was out of personal sentiment that he wanted to plainly see with his very own eyes the imprisonment of the man who was the cause of ruin for his former superior Tōsen Kaname.


As a matter of fact, he must have accepted it within his heart.


If Aizen is imprisoned once again here and now, everything works out peacefully.


Thinking there is no way he can afford to complicate the conversation with his own personal​ grudges, Hisagi clenched his fist tightly and tried to restrain himself.


However, that resolve would be broken by Aizen’s words which could be heard as soon as he hastened to him.


“Do you mean to say… that captain Tōsen bent his conviction at the likes of your words…?”


“Do not speak in such a strange manner, Hisagi Shūhei.”


Aizen retorted with a calm and self-possessed attitude in front of Hisagi who had exposed his anger.


“You never bore witness to the moment Tōsen Kaname decided to have a change of heart, did you? Because, by the time you had become a Shinigami, Tōsen Kaname was already my subordinate.”


“……!”


“Shūhei kun, your anger is legitimate. But, I’m sorry. Won’t you hold back for now?”


“…Yes, understood, Captain Commander.”


Upon hearing Kyōraku speak as if in warning, Hisagi composed himself after appearing to be on the verge of extending his arm to his Zanpakutō, meanwhile he opened his mouth to address Aizen.


“You may have put up a united front with Kurosaki to defeat Yhwach… but no matter what you try to do, to me, you will eternally be the one who brought ruin to captain Tōsen.”


Revenge.


How many times has he called that word to mind when he hears the name “Aizen”?


However, it was something which evoked two meanings at the same time, both an affirmation and a denial.


In his heart, there is certainly a hatred for Aizen who led Tōsen down the wrong path and ultimately caused his downfall. 


On the other hand, while being held captive to strong negative feelings, doubts and frustrations towards himself were sweeping through him.


From the point of view of Hisagi who was trapped in his desire for revenge and had moved to put a stop to Tōsen’s misguided ways, for him to speak of “revenge” was nothing more than an insult to the Shinigami including Captain Komamura who had joined him on the battlefield, and perhaps above all, an insult towards Tōsen himself.


As if perceiving what was in his heart, Aizen wore a faint smile and stringed together his cruel words.


“Eternity, that’s not something you can speak so lightly​ of, don’t you agree? After all, even Tōsen Kaname’s convictions​ were not eternal.”


“…Ugh! You say that like…”


The angry voice of an enraged Hisagi is pushed back by Aizen who continued his speech.


“You seem to misunderstand one thing.”


A calm voice.


And yet, it was a thick voice with a distinct “force” that managed to overwhelm the shouts of Hisagi.


“It is not that the case that I killed Tōsen Kaname with my own hands as a remnant of a defeated soldier that must be punished.”


A momentary pause.


Disregarding the bewilderment of those around him, Aizen encapsulated his will in a brief few words.


“It was my idea of mercy.”


The air surrounding them freezes at those words.


Not only Hisagi, but also Kyōraku and the Shinigami in the vicinity were all unable to immediately decipher the meaning behind the words Aizen had just uttered.


Pushing aside the relative silence, Hisagi opens his mouth to speak as his tightly clenched fist shook.


“Your…mercy?”


In response to Aizen who made this brazen proclamation, Hisagi boiled in anger even more.


Not towards Aizen.


It was anger towards his own weakness which allowed such a man to kill Tōsen Kaname so easily.


“Just how much more… do you intend to make a fool of Captain Tōsen you bastard…”


“As things stood, it’s clear that both Inoue Orihime and Unohana Retsu would eventually arrive later and try to save Tōsen Kaname. But, I suppose you lot wouldn’t understand what that would mean for him.”


“……?”


“If Tōsen Kaname had continued to live as he was, he would eventually have had to accept the unparalleled despair thrust upon him, and his heart would rot away completely. I could not bring myself to let the owner of such beautiful resolve be strangled to death by further despair. For this reason, I granted mercy (death) as a tribute to my most loyal subordinate. That is simply all there is to it.”


Shūhei could not fully comprehend what the other man was saying.


Despite this, he doesn’t appear to evade the situation with half-minded excuses either.


Turning his attention away from a perplexed Hisagi, Aizen continued to cast words towards the Shinigami around him.


“Sooner or later, the time will come when the lot of you will also learn. How this very Soul Society… and what’s known as Shinigami, are being shaped by dangerous illusions.”


"…Let’s call it a day shall we? I didn’t take you for a chatterbox.”


Having put a stop to Aizen’s speech, Kyōraku issues instructions to the Punishment Force in order to have Aizen transported to the entrance of Muken.


“Please wait Captain Commander! What the heck is that guy Aizen…”


Soifon, the Captain of Squad 2, stood in the path before Hisagi who appeared incapable of coming to an understanding.


Then, in the blink of an eye she had twisted one of Hisagi’s arms upwards whilst rotating behind him.


“That’s enough! Do you honestly think that your sorry self is the only one to be robbed of friends by that guy!?”


“Gah……! But captain Soifon…!”


“If someone on your level could avenge the blood of the fallen, then we would have dealt with it already! Your conduct is only bringing a roguish degree of disorder to your surroundings!”


“……”


It was Hisagi himself who was more aware of that fact than anyone else. 


On his own he could do nothing against the mighty presence that is Aizen.


What can he possibly do when he is so shaken by the mere 'words’ that leave Aizen’s mouth.


It was an impossible task to kill him no matter how much hatred one harboured, having said that, forgiving or forgetting is out of the question. Hisagi had come to understand that a long time ago.


As he was being hauled away chair and all, Aizen inclined his head slightly and directed his gaze at Hisagi.


“——'Swinging one’s blade out duty alone is a captain's​ job, swinging one’s blade out of hatred is nothing more than filthy violence.’ Hitsugaya Tōshirō once told me that.”


“*gulp*……”


Hisagi could do nothing but sink into a silence at those words.


Though he got the impression that he is still described as being a far cry from the rank of Captain, given that he also ended up agreeing with that statement himself, he cast his eyes down and forcefully grinds his teeth out of vexation instead of issuing a rebuttal.


However, Aizen negated even Hisagi’s regretfulness.


“You can rest assured. What you are harbouring is not hatred. It is merely sentimentality for your lost Tōsen Kaname and the impression he left behind.”


“Whaa…?”


“You should remember. No matter how solid one’s resolution is, it is impossible to slaughter a warrior with mere sentiment.”


“……Tch!”


Suddenly, Kyōraku gives a firm clap of his hands in order to break up the conversation.


“Okay, alright, didn’t I tell you to stop there? Won’t you stop using your Reiatsu to frighten these children responsible for carrying you? There’s no one worth bequeathing your words to in this place, correct?”


When the Shinigami shifted their eyes at those words, they saw that the members of the Punishment Force, who were carrying an Aizen that was sealed and immobilised in his chair, had all broken out into a cold sweat from every inch of their bodies.


“That’s merely what I call entertainment. I’ll be spending my time in boredom from now on after all, whether or not the future of Soul Society changes even in the slightest with my modest words, I’ll try to look forward to it by keeping myself guessing.”


“My, my, I can’t say your idea of fun is a good one y'know.”


The members of the Punishment Force who at that point were finally released from the influence of his Reiatsu, frantically catch their breath as they begin to advance forward once more.


In the small interval that existed until he had completely disappeared underground, as if feeling something out, Aizen bombarded the Shinigami around him with more words in a calm voice that remained as unchanged as the first time they had heard it.


“If you want to see the truth without obstruction, you must struggle onwards with your own flesh, blood and soul as a sacrifice.”


Then, he adds a final few words which could be taken as a superfluity towards Hisagi Shūhei who was left standing in a daze.



“At least, Tōsen Kaname continued to do so. Were you not also aware of that?”



And thus, the heinous criminal who defeated Yhwach together with Kurosaki Ichigo, disappeared into the depths of darkness.


Without believing in the slightest that Aizen’s speech which took on a philosophical view of the world, was that of a prisoner, many among the Shinigami knit their eyebrows in disapproval at his insolent reluctance to admit defeat, however —— many among the captain ranks gather their wits after locking it up in a corner of their hearts that “he is a man who plays with falsehoods, but he is not a man who says meaningless things.”


Hisagi was unable to put his emotions into order until the very last moment, and Aizen’s words slowly turned into a poison that had come to remain in his heart.



That poison would never distort Hisagi’s heart but instead it gnawed at his very fate, and before long, it would lure him to a battle.


Or perhaps, even if there was no poison left behind by Aizen, it was always a fate he had to arrive at, as long as he was the Shinigami following Tōsen’s way.




Hisagi Shūhei is neither a prophet nor an omniscient and omnipotent being, naturally there is no way he could know his own future.

He is not a hero that remained in people’s memories like Kurosaki Ichigo,


Neither is he a sheer powerhouse like Kenpachi Zaraki,


Nor a man of wisdom like Urahara Kisuke,


He is not an inventor like Kurotsuchi Mayuri,


He has no status like that of Kuchiki Byakuya,


He is not a prodigy like Hitsugaya Tōshirō,


He has no experience like that of Yamamoto Genryusai


No flamboyance like that of Kyōraku Shunsui,


No vigour like that of Komamura Sajin,


No fearlessness like that of Muguruma Kensei.


In this regard, he would speak in self-mockery over a drink saying “whether I aim for captaincy, or continue to remain as Vice Captain, my shortcomings are countless”, but there are a few qualities he possesses.


Namely, his pride as a Shinigami.


Hisagi Shūhei had yet to know.


Yet to know that in order to protect such a commonplace thing which practically all Gotei 13 troops held as their own foundations, he would have to fight with the fate of the world on his back.



It was only half a year after the end of the war when he would face that reality​.



